I just got fired.And what about me?What about you?Okay. That's it.I'm going over there right fucking now,before they leave.Erlich, I'm gonna use your car.Jared, you call Ron LaFlamme,tell him to meet me there.Fuck these assholes!Wait. Richard, I'm coming with you.Here. Jared, clear this.Get all the smoke out of it.- Otherwise, it damages the device.- Umm...Don't be a pussy.How could they do this?How could they fire mefrom my own company?Just stay calm.We're gonna fight this.Jesus, Richard, slow down.Stop, stop, stop!Did I just hit a deer?No, goddamn it!Fucking Stanford Robotics.Shit. Is this gonna make us late?Oh! They killed the Bam-bot.Fuck your Bam-bot!You little Stanford cuntsfucked up my grille!- Fucking piece of shit!- Wait.You little cunt!- Fuck!- Hey.This one's for your mama.Erlich, stop. Come on. Erlich,we've got to get to Raviga.Hey, no, no. Hey, hey, hey.Thanks for coming, Ron.I'd bail on spin classany day for you, Richie.Richard. Richard.I kept calling, you weren't answering.Talk to the hand, Monica.Richard, can you stop?I can explain, okay?It's pretty self-explanatory, Monica.You voted to fire me.What the fuck?I mean, there is no way I'mletting you push me out of this.Our intention is not to push you out.We wish rather to transition youto a more appropriaterole within the company.A new CEO will be brought in tomanage day-to-day operationswhile you assume the role ofChief Technology Officer.Congratulations.CTO? Yes.You want me to be anemployee at my own company?You would still be incharge of the engineering,and you'd continue vesting yourshares, and keep your board seat.The same seat I had an hour agowhen you voted to fire me as CEO?- That came in handy.- Richard, please.I realize this may be bittersweet,but earlier this eveningRaviga decided to officiallyfund Pied Piper Series A Roundat $5 million at a $50million valuation.Essentially, you have created a companythat is too valuable for you to run.You should feel good about that.Are you kidding me? Imade the company, okay?I'm the one who came upwith the name "Pied Piper."Yeah.Ron, can I have a word please?They can't really do this, can they?I think they just did.You remember that shit dealyou brought me from Hanneman,and I said, "Hey, Richie,this is a shit deal,"but you took it anywaybecause you wanted to do somethingcrazy for once in your life?Yes, I remember.Well, you basically just loaded agun and handed it to Hanneman,and Hanneman sold that gun to Raviga,and then Raviga just fuckingpistol-whipped you.But hey, at least they're letting youkeep your shares and your board seat.You lose a little bloodwith the dilutionfor the new CEO, but I've seen worse.Like that shit deal youbrought me from Hanneman.If we give Richard alittle bit of space,he'll be able to wraphis head around this,and a smooth transition to anew CEO will be possible.To wit, I served as the CEO of Aviat...Mr. Bachman.In the version of Pied Piperin which I am invested,you will not be CEO. Not now. Not ever.Well, you, madam, are ashrew of the first order.Okay. I'm not gonna let you do this.I'm gonna fight it.I understand you're upset.As you can see, this is a veryemotional time for me as well,but we have some very strong candidatescoming in for the CEO position,and we would so appreciate your input.- My input?- Mmm.You want me to help youpick my new replacement?I'd rather quit.And I don't care how much money I lose,because I am gonna get it all backwhen I sue the living shit out of you!Okay. All right. All right.Ron, let's go.Sorry, I'm forced to inform youthat I can no longer provideyou with legal counsel.What are you talking about?You're my attorney.No. Technically, I'm PiedPiper's corporate counsel,and you just declaredyour intention to walk.So, in effect, you kind ofjust threatened to sue me,and I don't take kindly to threats, Mr.Hendricks."Mr. Hendricks"?What happened to "Richie"?Unfortunately, I'm not atliberty to discuss himwith you either, Mr. Hendricks.Richard, if Ididn't vote to remove you,then Laurie would'veadjourned the meeting,replaced my seat on the boardwith someone else at Raviga,and then they would'vevoted to remove you.At least this way, I'mstill in the game.No. You mean, at least thisway, you kept your job.At least the actual Judas hadthe courtesy to kill himselfafter betraying hisleader, Jesus Christ.He's the CEO of the world.Ever heard of him?Yeah. Got it. Went to Catholic school.Really? How long?Look, I'm still on theboard of this company.I'll be in all of the meetings.Maybe I can be helpful at some point.You wanna be helpful, Monica?Convince Laurie to keep me on as CEO.Look, I know I made some mistakes.I wasn't perfect,but I'll get better. I'll evengo to one of those CEO coaches,like that guy at fucking Twitter.Richard, it's done.Laurie already found a new CEO.What? Already?You said that you didn't want tobe part of the interview process,so they picked someone this morning.Jack Barker. He's an incrediblyskilled, top-notch CEO.I don't care who he is, okay?None of us do."Action" Jack Barker?Seriously? They picked thatgray-haired fossil over me?You said you turned the job down.I said it was mutual.Oh.What? That's accurate.He ran Entercross Systems.They IPO'ed in 1998 for morethan a billion dollars.Yeah, 20 fucking years ago.Tech 1.0. What has he done lately?After that, he ranTurnwire for four yearsuntil it was acquired byMicrosoft for $2 billion.Holy shit. This guy's a hitter.He was, in the oughts. What'she done in the 20-teens?Looks like he started a foundationin his mother's name to cure cancer.Yeah, how's that going?Yeah. I bet his mother's dead.Yeah, that's probably whyhe started the foundation.Richard, Laurie's meetingwith him tomorrow.You should come in and talk with him.No fucking way.Think this through. Imean, you have to knowthat you can't start anothercompression company.No VC will fund that outof fear of being sued,and unless you havesome totally different,game-changing idea lying around...So you're saying thatI'm fucked if I leave?No, I'm saying that...Okay. Well, then I guess I'm fucked,because I'm out.And when I leave, Jared's out,Dinesh is out, Gilfoyle is out.Everybody's out.So good luck with thecompany there, Monica.It'll just be you, Laurie Bream,and some fucking asshole whocan't even cure cancer.He's right.Where Richard goes, I go.Monica, excuse how high I am,but are the uniforms in Catholicschools as low-cut as they are online?Fuck off.Did you tell Richard you were out?No. Did you?No.Are we out?Hmm.Did Gavin tell you what this is about?We haven't spoken in some time.Thank you all for comingon such short notice.I have a difficult announcement to make.We, in the tech business, oftenrefer to failure as a good thing.Failure is growth.Failure is learning.But sometimes failure is just failure.I think...I'm sorry.I didn't think it would be this hard.But goodbyes are always hard,especially when I am theone saying goodbye.Today, effective immediately,I, Gavin Belson, founderand CEO of Hooli,am forced to officially say goodbyeto the entire Nucleus division.All Nucleus personnel will be givenproper notice and terminated.But make no mistake.Though they're the ones leaving,it is I who must remain and bearthe heavy burden of their failure.It is my fault.I trusted them to get the job done.But that is the price of leadership.Thank you.That was the gutsiestthing I've ever seen.Amazing.So, wait, does that mean...Uh... Denpok?Can I have your Big Gulp?I know we keep saying this,but even though Richardis a great guy...And a brilliant coder.He's wonderful.Nevertheless, he islacking in certain...managerial capacities.- Totally fair.- It's fair, right?He's still a great coder.And an amazing human being.- Okay, look.- Such...We have a lot of shit wewant to say about him.Do we have to keep prefacing itwith all this nice-guy stuff?I mean, if so, we'regonna be here all night.Yeah, we kind of do, though,just to offset the shittinessof all the shitty stuff.What if we use like a dictionary patch?To compress all the nice-guy stuff.Like an acronym.Exactly."Richard is great, but you know"...R-I-G-B-Y.Rigby.Rigby is all the nice-guy stuff.Okay. Rigby.But he just assumed wewere gonna leave with him,which is kind of total bullshit, right?That's really arrogant.Rigby. We gave up our own apps...so that we could bust our asses for him.Why the fuck should we giveup our Pied Piper sharesright when we get fundedbecause he's too much of a prima donnato let someone experienced come inand run the company the wayits supposed to be run.- Rigby.- Rigby.Now I'm actually gettingkind of fucking angry!I mean, we put in somuch work for no pay,and now he thinks he'sgonna walk out on us?I mean, seriously, fuck that guy.Fuck him. Rigby.What are we gonna do?- Rigby.- Rigby.Richard, I have somethingthat might cheer you up.What is this?Go on, Gloomy Gus, open it.Okay.So this is a box of files withcompanies' information on it?No. These are all companies that Itook the liberty of reaching out tothat are actually offeringyou the job of CTO.Really?Some of these companies are pretty good.Flutterbeam's like... really good.Of course it is. They all are.You're the belle of the ball,and these are all your swains,hoping for a glimpse of ankle.Ah. The nest wherein the asp doth coil.Where's Richard? Is he coming?Nope.Congratulations, you'vesuccessfully broken a good man.Is that Barker?Uh... yeah.What are you gonna do?I just spent the last 16 hourscherry-picking Friars Roastsfor the premium old-man jokes.Essentially, I'm goingto beat him to deathwith his own titanium hips.Not just for me, but for Richard.Jack Barker, aka Action Jack.We meet at last.Erlich Bachman.Mr. Bachman.Pleasure to finally meet you.I'm a big fan.Oh, really? Of what? Metamucil?Polio? The phonograph?A nice piece of fish?Segregated water fountains?Senior citizen discounts atPerkins Family restaurants?Erectile dysfunction becauseof corroded penile arteries?Deviled eggs as an entr?e?Liking Ike?No.None of those, Mr. Bachman.I am a fan of yours.Have been ever since youwere at the helm of Aviato.You know Aviato?Yes. Aviato.My Aviato?Is there any other Aviato?Well, legally, there cannot be.Mr. Barker, pleasure to meet you.- Is that a poppy seed muffin?- Yes, sir.Well, Poppy wants one 'causeMommy already got hers.Hooli stock jumped seven percent todayon this news that GavinBelson is writing downthe entire Nucleus project.What's happening here?It was a courageous move.He's a straight shooter,and obviously Wall Streetis responding to that.So, what else do you think...So, by our account,just under 50 percent ofHooli employment agreementsinclude a non-compete clause.The same clause that caused us to losethe Pied Piper lawsuit in arbitrationand are thus legally invalid,calling into questionsome of our IP ownership.Shit. I was afraid of that.But hypothetically, this alsopresents an opportunity.Any of those people could bedismissed with no severance.Any unvested stockwould return to the company option pool.So, in other words, we have the rightto terminate any of those peoplewith no repercussions whatsoever,and we'd actually make money?Correct.You know, our annualindividual performance reviewsshowed a 20 percent incidenceof sub-standard work.So essentially, one out ofevery five Hooli team membersdeserve to be fired.Oh, I'm sorry. What?So, are you nervous?No, actually. I feel pretty good.Flutterbeam was the bestcompany we looked at.Their tech is great.Their offer is amazing.Actually, I'm kind of pumped.Well, your pumpedness makes me pumped.You just got... okay.- I'll do it.- Yeah.All right. Well, Jared...we gotta one day figure out whatwe're gonna do for you for a job.Richard, you'll go. You'llestablish yourself,and when the time isright, you'll send for me.Richard, you have to talk to this man.Who, Barker? Pass.This guy is real, okay, Richard?With his managerial skillsand your talent as an engineer,we could be talkingabout the D-word here.- Dick?- No. Decacorn.A company that's valued over $10 billionbefore its initial public offering.All right?He's still at Raviga for another hour.Please go talk to him.Sorry, I can't do that. I'malready set up at Flutterbeam.Whose CEO, unprompted, said,"A brain like Richard's comesalong once in a generation."Sorry. I'm just proud.Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.Richard, I'm not askingyou to spoon with the guyor even fork him.- What I'm asking for...- What is that?Forking is when you useyour dick and your two legsto stab him in the lower torso.I'm asking for you to take10 minutes and talk to himbefore you throw everythingthat we built away.And yes, I did say "we."I mean, if you want to stop by Raviga,it's on the way to Flutterbeam.I mean, I threw some Tyson-levelhaymakers at this guy.Richard, he didn't flinch.He floats like a butterfly.Hey, Richard.What's going on?- We've been talking.- Okay.Guys, this isn't really a great time.Richard.We wanna tell you something. Right?Yeah, it's something important.Maybe later. So, Richard?Guys, come on.We know you're leaving...- Yep. Well aware.- ...but...- We're not. Yeah.- ...we're gonna stay at Pied Piper.Really?Why are you laughing?I'm sorry. Wow.Well, it's just that you really thinkthat you're gonna be able toscale the platform without me?Goddamn it!- Yeah.- You don't think we can?Well, I know you can't.That's a bold statement.- Richard.- We have massive tech debt.You really think that you canscale and deploy my librarywithout any input from me?Are you serious here?- Yes, we do.- Yeah.Then I guess you are truly delusional.Well, I think you're an arrogant prick.I'm the arrogant prick.Okay. This is coming from two peoplewho think they know everythingabout code they didn't even write.We wrote a lot of the code.- You wrote some of it.- You know what? We're gonna stay,and we're gonna build PiedPiper just to prove you wrong.Okay. Thank you for thesolidarity by the way,and sticking with your friend.You know what, Erlich?You can tell Barker to go fuck himself,so I can go to Flutterbeamand then watch these twoassholes crash and burntrying to build out PiedPiper by themselves.This'll be great.Great timing, guys.Thank you so much.Premium stuff, Dinesh.Richard. Richard?Well, we are now livingin a post-Rigby world.Man, this place is amazing.Yeah. We raised a shit ton of money.We're growing fast as balls.But we're not exactly super psychedwith the quality of our engineering.Well, it's a good thingI'm here then, right?Yeah.All joking aside, I actuallyhave a few thoughtson your video platform if you...We're pretty happy withthe basic platform.We want to hand yousomething way cooler.It's kind of like a secret project.I got to warn you, though.It's pretty rad.Sit right here.Okay.- All right.- Oh. Hello.This is the present.You ready to go to the future?Sure.Three, two, one.Bam!Oh. I...I have a mustache.Fuck yeah, you do.And check this out.Turn your head. See that?Compositing perfect 3-Dholographic mustachesusing depth-sensing camerasin a live video chat.And no one's doing it.Nobody.Sorry. This is the...this is the rad thing?Look, Richard, we agree, okay?We're not there yet.We're using a crappy plug-in,so the latency is bad.You turn too fast, thatmustache is on your ear.But with your help, we thinkwe can cut our 'stache lagto just... 20 millisecondsmotion-to-photonin... nine months?Just in time for Movember.So, which one do you wanton your employee badge?- Tom Selleck?- Aloha.Ooh, Fu Manchu.- John Waters.- Not bad.Alex Trebek. Hitler.- Probably not Hitler. Skip him.- Oh yeah.- Bam. Sam Elliot.- Howdy.Sure.Oh. Uh...Okay, so we've got to hopon a call with biz dev...Okay....but feel free to keepon 'staching. Okay?- There you go.- All right.Hey, if you want to have your attorneylook over the employment agreementand the stock option grant,it's cool by us, all right?Just sign it. You're in.- We'll see you Monday, man.- We're pumped.Okay. Well, your pumpednessmakes me pumped.Uh, uh...Pete Monahan, please.It's Richard Hendricks.I just need him to goover a contract for me.What?Are you an attorneyhere to see a client?No. Actuallt, I'm a clientwho is here see my attorney.Okay. Follow me.It began as a innocent celebrationof our arbitration victory.I ordered a kombucha, which I didnot realize contained alcohol.It was described to me asa healthy, organic tea.Next thing I knew, I was 70 milesaway, wrapped naked in a blanket,shaking off a meth high,and facing charges for attackinga police horse with a shovel.Oh. Holy shit.From a legal standpoint, it wasa clear violation of my parole,and I must now servemy entire sentence...Okay....and any additional timestemming from the new charges,which continue to accrue.But I'm owning my mistakes.- Oh.- I am staying positive.Enough about me.Let's take a look at that contract.Okay.I would red-line it, but...I'm not allowed to have a pencil.Oh.This makes less sensethe more I look at it.Okay. What's this number over here?I don't know.I didn't handle the compression library.Neither did I.You're telling me Richarddid this all on his own?Shit. I thought you did it.Now I respect you even less.We each know 90 percentof the platform...but it's the same 90 percent.Maybe that arrogant prick was right.We can't scale it without him.We are so fucked.Wait.- Yeah?- I got it.We quit out of solidarity with Richard.That's interesting.So even though he said allthat horrible shit to us,we take the high roadand we get his back.Yeah.Maybe he'll even hireus at his new company.Flutterbeam.- Mustaches?- Yes.Doesn't necessarilyhave to stop at people.They can put mustacheson their pets, too.It's actually pretty fun.So, soon you'll be puttingmustaches on cats and dogs and...- snakes.- Snakes, yeah, yeah.I mean, it's a little tricky becausethey don't have a philtrum,so finding an anchor point forthat mustache is actually...gonna be quite of atechnological challenge.- It's exciting stuff.- It really is.Richard.Let me ask you something.Why are you leaving Pied Piper?They pushed me out.I thought they offeredyou another position.Yeah, CTO. It's a demotion.Well, wouldn't you beCTO at Flutterbeam?Yes, but at least this way,I don't have to eat shit.Richard, let me tell you somethingI learned here on the inside.Swallow your pride, or soon you'll beeating something far worse than shit.Believe me.Don't you think you should atleast meet this Barker fellow?So where are we?Seventeen hundred peopleslated for exiting.Their negated optionstotal 780,000 shares.That money can be allocatedanyway you see fit.Employee bonuses, renovationsto the day-care center.What have you. Whatshould we prioritize?Sorry, I don't understand.It's all in the document.You take that severance package,and you leave Hooli immediately.But the most important aspectis the non-disclosure,non-disparagement clause,in which you agree not to sayanything negative in the press,in public, or in privateabout Hooli or Gavin Belson.Okay, I won't.You will not discussanything you did at Hooliat all, in perpetuity,throughout the universe.I didn't really doanything at Hooli, so...Good. You're getting thehang of it already.So, can I keep my Hooli ID, though,so I can still come and hang outwith my friends on the roof?You cannot.Officially, you will nolonger have any friends here.Shoot.I have to think about this then.This settlement offer is quite generous.I know, I know. I mean, $2million is a lot of money.Two? No. It's...It's $20 million.Twenty?So they fired me before they hired you,so it's not your fault. I just...I feel like this... can't really work.- Do you understand?- I do, Richard.It's like...can I really be expectedto do my best workwhen I am constantly feeling undervaluedat the company that I started?Does that make sense?It does, Richard. Absolutely.I hear each and every oneof your concerns loud and clear,and I appreciate your position.Mm.So, I guess we just won't do it.Come on, I'll walk you out.Wait. What?Sorry. You what?Jack?Sorry, I don't understand.You're not gonna take the job?Not if you're not.Without you handling the tech,I don't see how this company works.Wow. I mean, yeah, I agree.Richard, it's hard enoughrunning a businesswhen everyone is on the same page.And clearly, we are not.- Well... yeah.- No, no, it's fine,and I appreciate youbeing so honest with me.I mean, better we find out now, right?Yeah.Anyway, I hope we eachfind a good fit somewhere.Thanks for coming up.You got a hell of a brainthere, Richard Hendricks.You drive safe.Yeah.Shit.