Well, Richard, accordingto all of your test results,you are what wein the medical field call healthy.In fact, you've got kind of a glow about you.- Oh, really?- Absolutely.You know, if it were medically possible,I might even think that you were pregnant.Of course, I thoughtmy girlfriend was pregnant,and I was sure wrong about that. Whoops!Hey, give me that ring back!Oh, what a mess.What a mess that was.So, been any big changes for you,diet or exercise?Well, I actually got firedas CEO of my company.I'm working now as the CTOunder the new CEO, Jack Barker.Wait a minute.You got a boss at your own company?Yeah, I know that sounds bad,but honestly, he handles all the budgeting,all the VC funding.He just negotiated a great new leaseon our new offices.I don't know.I think this could be great for me.Boy, I don't think I could have another doctorcoming in here, being my boss.No. It'd be like, "Hey, boss,is it okay if I listen to his heart?"Can I do that? Oh, no? Sorry.No, I won't. Okay."Whatever you say."- Funny.- It is funny. Yeah.But listen, if it works for you, that's great.Just one more thing.I've gotta check your testicles.Oh, my God. Okay.What, for like a hernia or something?No. I just wanna make sure they're still there.Oh, wow.This is going to be our office? All of this?Yeah,Jack said we have the whole floor.Wow, look at that kitchen.This is great.Richard, is that our new logo?I like it. It's clean and elegant,but not without some danger.Gentlemen, welcome.I moved away from the flute-playing guy.I don't know if you guys realized it,but that was a little phallic.I didn't want to waste your time with it,so I just pulled the trigger.Mari Sheibley did this.Oh. Mari Sheibley.That must've set you back a bit.No. She's a friend.Yeah. I know her, as well.Casually.So, why don't I showyou guys your new home?Hopefully, it lives up to your standards.Yeah, compared tothe shit shack we're used to,anything's an improvement.Ah, an insult born of respect.I'll worry when we startcomplimenting each other.Fucking dick.I assume you saw Hirokiputting in the water feature.Good feng shui. Gotta have that.This is the engineering area.We're gonna work here?That is a separate, professionally-cateredmicro-kitchen back there.I want you hungry here, never here.This is all great,but can we really afford all this?Hey, step into my office, Richard.- Here.- Okay.I wanna show you something.This is way betterthan Erlich's shithole."The ConjoinedTriangles of Success"?I invented that,and now it's taught at business schools.You see what's on the bottom here?The foundation of the whole thing.- Growth?- Growth.The more brilliant peoplewe can get working here,then the faster we can getwhatever is in your head out into the world.Let me tell you a story.In 1999,Google was a little startup, just like we are.And when they startedbringing in chefs and masseuses,we thought, "They're nuts!"But they were attractingthe best possible people,and they were able to create the best product,and now they're worth over $400 billion.And do you know the name of that company?Uh, Google, right?You said it at the beginning of the story.You're right. I did that wrong.And the whole point isthat all of this is a sound investmentas long as we are able to get the best peopleand make the best possible product.All right. Winner gets the big monitor. Okay?I understand how this works.Ready?Ready?- Rock, paper, scissors, shoot.- Rock, paper, scissors, shoot.Suck it.I should've known you'd throw rock.That's all you know in Pakistan.It's in your blood.Don't you guys call it "Rock, Rock, Rock"?That's funny.You should type up all your racist jokeson your tiny monitor.Is that monitor not big enough?You need a bigger monitor?You just put it on the list over there,and our purchasing guy will hook you up.- Seriously?- Absolutely.Jared, how about you?You need any new gear for the office?No, I'm BYOC.Let me know if you need anything.Richard, do you think it'd be okayif, uh, I took this box?I'm moving outof Noah's guest house after work.And you want to sleep in that box?No. I haven't slept in a box in years. Stop.Now that, um, Pied Piper's funded,I have enough moneyto move back into my condo.Oh, congratulations.I thought you sold it.No, I've been AirBNB'ing it outto cover the mortgage.But it'll be good to get home.I've been missing my tub a lot,and, uh, Noah's been usinga lot of hate speech with me lately,so, moving will be a good thing.All right, guys, think I'm gonna take offunless you need me to stick around,help the transition.-L...- By doing what?I could introduce youto some of the people that work here.I made some major inroads with Hiroki.- No.- Uh, why would we want that?Fair... Yeah, fair point.So, welcome to your new home.Enjoy it, guys. I gave you this.on.Sorry. Sorry.How was everyone's morning?Let me tell you about mine.I started my day, as I always do,by typing my own name into Hooli-Search.I enjoy the ritual,which is designed to center me.But lately, it's been doing the opposite.Whose work station is this?Observe.These are all remnants of a timebefore I wrote Nucleus down.Why are we allowing our own technologyto dredge up our painful past?Why is it that when I type my own nameinto my own company search engine,the fucking Internet rainsshit-bolts down on me?I want this to stop!These articles are part of the public record.Your point?Are you suggesting that we alterthe fundamental neutralityof the Hooli-Search algorithm?That's a clear violation of the public trust.Yelp is threatening to sueGoogle for this very thing.I can't, in good conscience,order Hooli-Search engineers to do that.I never suggested anything of the sort.No Hooli-Search engineerwill ever be asked to alter the neutralityof the algorithm.And so, Gavin doesn't want to seeany more negative mentionsof Nucleus on Hooli-Search.So, we're gonna alter the search algorithm?Of course not. That would be unethical.What are we supposed to do?Promote other websites to outrankthe bad Nucleus news?Do you have any ideahow big a fucking job that is?Don't you swear at me.We don't work here anymore.For 10 more days you do!Unless you'd all like to quit and walk awayfrom your entire severance packages!Amazing.Whoa, whoa! Oh.Jared. Whoa. What's up?Hi. Um...I'm sorry, I'm a little confused.You were supposed to be out on Tuesday.Oh, I was, but plans have changed.See, I can't really afford to move or pay rent,so I'm gonna have to stay a little while.Okay, look, um...I appreciate your situation,but you're breaking the terms of our contract.Listen, I don't want to be a dick,it's just, I can't afford to live around here'cause the rent is so high,because of the tech companies, right?And you bought this placewith the money you madeworking at the tech companies,so, it kind of all evens out, right?That... That makes no sense.I know. Right?Okay, look, I can give you a few days,uh, two weeks tops,but if you're not out by then,I'm gonna have to take legal action.This bums me out, man.I thought you were, like,the one cool tech guy.Me?Are you sure?Not anymore.Well...Well, the occupant of a residence in Californiahas almost unlimited rights.I have to get his permissionto enter my property.I can't turn off the power or the gas,and I have to hire a lawyerto start a legal eviction.That won't be cheap.Jeez, man. I'm sorry. That sucks.So, where did you sleep last night?I did not. How was your sleep?Uh... It was good, yeah.I mean, I slept like a stone.It's odd not having to doeverything ourselves, isn't it?Yeah, I'm, uh, I'm kind of loving it.Hey, you ready to go to work?Chef Amy asked uswhat we wanted for breakfast,and I said, "Surprise us."Could be anything. Let's go!When was the last time you saw those two-go anywhere before noon?-Indeed.Well, let's go get some gluten-free waffles.Sorry about the surprise.- I don't care.- I asked Chef Amy to tell me.I have too many dietary restrictionsto leave breakfast to chance.Makes sense.Ah, two of my incubees off to eat the world.Be well, work hard, and know one another.Okay.I recently helped them installa new CEO at Pied Piper.I needed to take a more hands-off approach,focus on the future...-Incubees, like yourself, with great ideas,like cataloging malware.Sexy.Uh, would you carefor another coconut water?They are the most expensiveunpasteurized variety, if that's any concern.Actually, my concern is the room.It's kind of a dump.Oh, sure, now.But, uh, with a new coat of paint,you'll hardly recognize the placewhen you move in next month.Actually, uh, shit's pivoted.I need a place next week.Next week? Shit has pivoted.Well, I'll talk to the current tenant.Let him know that the time has come...Mother fuck...Uh... Yeah, put him on a slow boatto China, so to speak.I'm sorry. lt just slipped out.I'll ask Chef Amy to make you something else.No, no, no, I want waffles.I just wanted them to be a surprise, Jared.I wanted surprise waffles.Who are these people?Uh... I don't know.Did Jack hire engineers already?These people are notin the engineering gene pool.That's right, fellas.These are our new sales people.They're the best in the business.Sales? Uh, Jack?Jack?Shouldn't we hire engineersto build the platformbefore we get people to sell it?No. God, no!The system, Richard.Sales and engineering are the two pillarsof the Conjoined Triangles of Success.- Yeah.- Engineering and sales must work togetherto decide what to build.Who knows better what the customers needthan the people who actually dealwith the customers every single day?We're all gonna meet at 1:00, Richard.You're gonna love these guys.They're the best.So, while the Hooli lawsuitdid hamper our ability to get funding,it did not slow down the engineering.Yes, question?Yeah, Keith, Northeast Regional.So, you don't foreseeany technical debt issuesslowing our ability to scale?Actually, no, uh, none whatsoever.We've identified all our underlying issues,and we have a plan in place for rapid growth.Uh, yes?Uh, Don, Global Accountsand Systems Integration.What kind of growth are you projecting here?Uh... Well, this may sound a little bitgrandiose, but it's not unrealisticto think that we have the potentialfor worldwide penetrationon the scale of, say, Google or Facebook.This is really great, Richard. Just keep going.Sure. Yeah. Uh...Well, in regards to the launch,we are hoping to go wide, um,get it into the handsof as many people as possible.Jan, Director, Inside Sales.They call me "Jan the Man."Oh.When you say "people,"you mean "companies," right?- Yeah, we're business-facing.- Okay, just wanted to clarify.Actually, no. No, sorry, uh, Jan the Man.By "people,"I do mean "people." Humans. Consumers.Uh, Keith, Northeast Regional, again.Jack told us we would be sellingdirectly to businesses.- He did?- Doug. I'm shadowing Keith.- Yes, he did.- Definitely. I was there. Don, again.Well, I'm sorry for the misunderstanding,because, um, the plan has always beenum, entirely based on the freemium model,like Dropbox?You know, you give the platform away freeto consumers,and then once you havea big enough user-base,then you sell premium services to businesses.If we're giving it away nowand waiting until later to sell it,what are we doing here now?- I don't know. I don't know.- We could maybe ask, uh, Jackwhen he gets back, uh, from wherever...Sorry, one second. Just one moment.Jack. Sorry, Jack.Sorry. Excuse me, Jack. Uh, are you leaving?Oh, I have this charity wine thing.Sorry, I committed to it months ago,but you are killing it in there, Richard.Uh... Well, actually no.Sorry. They just said that you told themthat we would be business-facing?Oh, they filled you in. That's good.I was under the impression thatwe would be consumer first.My guys are pretty set on that.Richard, I read your deck,and you project it'll be four yearsuntil we get to revenue?Uh... Yeah.You know we're in a bubble right now, right?Or maybe you don't know.You weren't around for the last bubble.You were probably in diapers.- I was 11.- Well, I wasn't in diapers.I don't... I wasn't either.- I was there.- Mmm-hmm.And in March of 2000, do you knowwhen a four-year plan ended?April of 2000.We gotta move, now.We can't put all of our eggsin the pot-of-gold-at-the-end-of-the-rainbow basket.So, the pot of gold is in the basket?Richard, these arethe best salespeople in the world,and when they tell methat business-facing is the play,I gotta listen to that, okay?- That's fair, but it's...- I'm just asking youto talk to your guys about modifyingyour platform for enterprise.I mean, just see how it feels, okay?And no matter what happens,I promise you this.I will never compromise the product.Okay. Okay.Uh, fine, I will talk to my guys,but they're not gonna be happy about it.No, of course not. They're engineers.I'll see you later.I realize this is a Japanese traditionand that you are Chinese.I'm not racist.Yes, Japanese people racist.They are horrible.No. No, no.Jian-Yang, in every relationship,there are ebbs and flows.- Ebbs?- Yes.And although we have flowed,our relationship nowhas come to a permanent ebbing.- Flow.- No. No.We have come to a permanent ebb.Do you understand?So, you want me to leave the house?Yes. Yes. Very much so.And so, I thank you for our today.Now you bow.Bow.All the way to the waist.No.Okay.Thank you, Erlich.Goodbye, little one. I'm gonna miss you.Can't say it wasn't fun, Jian-Yang,you little Cantonese bastard.- Hey, you like this?- What are you doing?Hi, my name's Erlich Bachman.I'm a lying fuck!Who... Who are you yelling at?We're the only two peoplein the fucking house!Erlich a liar!You're not gonna get me to changemy opinion about myself.- Liar!- Take that outta there.I don't know, Richard.I don't think it's that big a deal.Really, you don't?You're okay with being business first?Granted, it's not what we would doif we were in charge,but, you know,Jack seems to know what he's doing.This is fucking amazing.I feel like I'm in Minority Report.And in reality, you're just a minority.Richard, relax.We're still building the neural net.We still get to do all the cool stuff, right?Yeah, of course.We're not scrappingany peer-to-peer delivery?No, no, definitely not.So, we're still doing the same stuff,just in a different order.Yeah, I guess you're right.Well, the eviction processis officially underway,but my attorney says it may take up to a year.- Where are you gonna stay?- Well, I always have my trick.All right, I'll bite. What's your trick?I simply imagine that my skeleton is me,and my body is my house,and that way, I'm always home.Okay. Well, uh, we are now business-facing.I don't know if you heard.That means we haveto rewrite our entire deck.I just hope it doesn'tput us way the fuck behind.Behind who? EndFrame sucksand Nucleus shit the bed, remember?Yeah, yeah.You're right, you're right.Wow.This is endless.If we'd worked this hardon Nucleus in the first place,we probably wouldn'tbe scrubbing it right now.- Dude, are you done?- Yup.How'd your script digestall those strings so fast?I don't know. It's just a predictive loop.Actually, it's sort of like a context tree.Holy shit.What's up?Hey, Jared, why don't we knock off for tonightand just pick this back up tomorrow morning.Mmm. Agreed.I'm going on close to 40 hourswithout good sleep,and the edges of thingsare starting to get a little dancey.What?Erlich, thank you againfor allowing me to occupya corner of your cozy garage.It is my hearth and my home.What the fuck?Jian-Yang, Jesus Christ.Don't sneak up on people like that,you devious little bastard,especially if they're cleaning glassware.You kick me out, but you let him stay.He's not even an incubee.No, he's not, and he's not stayingin the house.He's in the garage,like a sad bag of potting soil.Have some compassion.I mean, the guy rented his placeto some fuckhead tenant who won't leave.Jared is fucked, Jian-Yang.He can go to the police.It's useless. California law gives landlords,literally, no recourse.So, he can go to court.Of course, he's going to go to court,you four-eyed turd.But in America, the legal systemdoesn't work very well,so it will take at least a yearfor the proceedings to even begin.Do you understand that?Yes. I stay here for one year.I pay no rent. You have no recourse.That's not always the case.I mean, sometimes court systemscan move faster,-especially if you have the money for...- I'm going to smoke in my room.- Special occasion.- Oh. Mother fuck.If we stack that same loop on topof the bit-level encoderthat we took from Hendricks,and then we tethered it to the routinewe were trying to use...That would be a huge jump in speed.This is mega.This is what Hendricks didat TechCrunch Disrupt.I think we just cracked middle-out.We should probably tell Gavin, right?Why? He fired us.You know how much we could get paidif we took this somewhere else?Fuck off.Okay, let me get this straight.First you talked meinto going business-facing,and now you want to eliminate the entireneural net from the platform?Jan, Director, Inside Sales.They call me "Jan the Man."Yes, we know, "Jan the Man."Listen, uh, we have to do neural netfor deep learning.Look, once we get enough dataflowing through the system,it will be able to recognizelong-range patterns and actually learn.It will be able to optimize our algorithmon its own,increasing our alreadysuperior speed and efficiency.Right? Pretty cool, huh?But it won't be able to do that if we delete it.- Do you get that?- But you just said it.It requires a central repository of data, right?Businesses want to protect their data.They're huge pussieswhen it comes to security.Okay, well, we're not cuttingmachine learning. We're not.If we cut that, we might as well cutpeer-to-peer delivery,and all the efficiencies of the cloud.Are those still in?No, those have to go also.- What?- Keith, by the way.I know your name, okay?I know everybody's name.Look, uh, we can't cut everything aboutthis platform that makes it revolutionaryjust because that's a little harder for you guysto sell, all right?If we want to sell out,let's just sell all the way out.Let's just take the algorithm,jam it into a metal fucking box,stick it in the backof a data center somewhere,so it can't connect to anything,and it just sits thereand no one even knows it's there.Doug, still shadowing Keith.When you say "metal box,"you're talking about a rack-mountedserver-type appliance?No, no, no. lam using itas a rhetorical example of a bad idea.That's fucking stupid.Oh, my God.I just need to find Jack. One second.- Where's Jack?- He had to go meet his vet.His vet? In the middle of the day?Okay, uh, well, what's the vet's address?Jack, excuse me. Do you mind telling me...Holy shit. What is that?- Oh, mother of God.- Richard, what are you doing here?What do you mean? It's 2:30.What are you doing here?My number one breeding mare went into heat.Sorry, she's not much for schedules.Oh, God.Thoroughbreds, Richard. Natural cover only.Now, you don't see that very often, do you?Nope.Uh“.I had a meeting...I had a meeting with the sales guysand, uh, Jan the Man...Uh... You know what? Can we talk over here?This is just hard for me.Look, Jack, uh, you and I have a problem.Okay, your salespeople are telling meto cut everything cool about the platformjust because it's a little bit harderfor them to sell.But don't you think,because they are such amazing salespeople,that it would be okay for them to sellthe harder stuff?No. It doesn't work that way.The way you keep the best salespeople is,you need to give 'em something easy to sell.Otherwise, they'd just go somewhere else.Okay, well, uh, Pied Pipercould honestly be the global standardfor file compression and storage.Every mobile device on the face of the planetcould be able to access their dataas if they had a fiber optic cableplugged into it.People in the desert,people in refugee camps,people who have nothingcould suddenly have access to everything.You know, everybody in this industry,they say they want to make this worlda better place,but we could actually do it.We could do it and make billions of dollars.- Richard, listen...- No, you listen to me, Jack.You promised me that you wouldnever compromise the product.So, do you feel like taking some actionand backing me up on this,because me and my productfeel pretty fucking compromised right now.Richard, I don't think you understandwhat the product is.The product isn't the platform,and the product isn't your algorithm, either.And it's not even the software.Do you know whatPied Piper's product is, Richard?Is...Is it me?Oh, God! No!No. How could it possibly be you?You got fired.Pied Piper's product is its stock.Its stock?And whatever makesthe value of that stock go up,that is what we are going to make.And maybe sometime in the future,we could change the worldand perform miracles,and all of that stuff, and I hope we do.But, like I told you before,I'm not going to mortgagethe present for that.I need to move the needle today.And now, if you will excuse me.I paid $150,000 for the sementhat's about to come out of that stallion,and I would very much like to be thereto see that it happens.- Oh. Hey, Richard!- Yes?I just got a text from Keith,Northeast Regional.He says the guys love your idea.What idea?It's a big world,but thanks to modern technology,it's smaller than ever.Today, business moves at the speed of light.You can access your company's dataanywhere, anytime.But if you can get your data,who else can get it?Spies, thieves, criminals, and foreigners.What if there was a way to take allof your company's dataand back it up in a protected enclosurecompletely isolated from the world at large?Oh, no.The ultimate enterprisedata storage solution.Think inside the box.Powered by Pied Piper.Now, that's what I'm talking about.This is the game we're playing, team,so, let's win it!You guys, check it out.Chef Amy hollowed out a watermelonand filled it with watermelon Jell-O!Look, that's actual rind.The fuck is that? Is that a VCR?Why does it say "Pied Piper" on it?Why is everybody so happy?