Quite a plan you boys cooked up here.Quite a plan.I'm not sure what upsets me more,that I have four employeesthat conspired to commit felony fraud,or that I have four employeesthat are so stupidI found out about it within 30 seconds.Hearing it out loud, thefirst one seems worse.We got sales, manufacturing,design, assembly,logistics teams, they'reall ready to go.All of them on thepayroll, all of them hereto build me a box.I have a deal, in principle,with Maleant to buy the box.The second that we deliver a product thatmeets those specs, we are cashing checks!And you are the only fourpeople in this buildingthat are fighting me on it!So give me one reason why Idon't fire you right now,claw back your options,make you unhireable all over town,one goddamn reason!- Because you can't.- Excuse me?This agreement saysthat you have ten weeksto complete a working prototypebefore the deal expires.So how are you gonna dothat if you fire us?There are maybe eight engineers on earthproficient in middle-out compression.Five of them work forEndframe, your competition,and three of them are herein this office right now.So if we're gone,I don't think you're evergoing to get your box.What do you want?I want to build my platform. Now.To complete the box project is goingto take six months, at least.So, what I think maybewe should do is, um,take a little tip from your chart there,and we, uh, compromise.Compromise is the shared hypotenuseof the conjoined triangles of success.Mm-hmm, yep. So, uh...so, what I'm proposingis we stand up the prototype, that's it.We're not doing any custom features, nonew versions, no maintenance, nothing.Richard, the Maleant basement.And no onsite support. I thinkyou can hire other engineersto do that fucking mole monkey work.The second we write code that satisfiesthe basic minimumrequirement of the deal,we are off the box andon to the platform.And that is my final offer.So, what do you say to that action--- Whoa!- Ow! Ow!Hey, hey. You okay? You werestanding and then what happened?- It's just a little shocking.- Oh... what were you saying?Did you... do we have a deal or...?Yeah, Richard, we have a deal.You have a bloody nose.That was pretty badass, Richard.Until it wasn't.(THEME MUSIC PLAYS)Uh, this is not even a room.This is a hallway.Uh, it can't be, because that is a bed,thus, this is a bedroom.Two entrances and exits,cross drafts ahoy.And, uh, it is the safest room inthe event, unlikely, of a fire.Oh! Whoopsies. Don't mind me.Ah, Fred, this is Jared. He actuallyis a, uh... a temporary resident.Oh, uh, while I have you, therewere fresh droppings near my cot.I think you were right. The Havaharttraps don't seem to be working.I was thinking maybe we could just picka day and just drench it in hawk urine,because the scent of a predatorcan keep rodents at bay.It's funny, we're named PiedPiper, but we're beset with rats.Little rascals. (CHUCKLES)Fuck this. I've been writingquick, bullshit subpar codefor 48 hours and I want to kill myself.How do you do it every day, Dinesh?What a coincidence, I've also beenwriting bullshit code for 48 hours,and want you to kill yourself.Guys, please. Let's justshit this thing outso we can get on tobuilding the platform.Hi.- Hi.- Dang.- What?- I'm Dang.- I'm Dang?- Dang.- What...- My name is Dang.Oh, my... I'm sorry. What,uh, what can I do for you?I'm heading the design team that'sbuilding the enclosure for the box.- It's time for the concept meeting.- Concept meeting?Okay. I'm just going toshow you a few pictures,and you tell me whichones you like, okay?Okay. Sure.(RHYTHMIC DRUMBEAT PLAYS)Look, wait, hold on.I thought you were going toshow me pictures of boxes.- Like data storage devices.- Before I can actualize a box,you and I need to develop ashared aesthetic vocabulary.Otherwise, I have no ideawhat you're going to want.Um, I have a lot ofwork to do right now.This is work. This is my work.What we're doing herecould actually save time.- Okay. Sure. Yeah. Uh...- Let's just make this simple.If the box were an animal, whatsort of animal would it be?Leopard?Butterfly? Rhinoceros?Stop. Animal? Um, it's a box.Right? Okay, so if you need an animal,make it a box turtle.How does that sound?So this is all kind of a joke to you?You know what? I don't actually give aflying fuck what this box looks like.Okay, if it was up to me, I wouldn'teven have it in the first place.So, look, here. Thisis a black rectangle.Make it that. All right?Because we're going to take itand put it in a hole in asubbasement in a data center,where no one can see it except for asad man named John with a ponytail.Okay? Just make it a box.And please turn off that fucking music.(MUSIC STOPS)Hello!It appears there has been a mistake.Is this not my parking space?Sorry, a lot of premiumspaces are being reassigned.14-A, you've been reassigned to lot D.Lot D?The structure?Beyond the freeway?Anywhere above levelthree, those are reserved.There's a shuttle stopon the ground level.A shuttle?(PHONE DINGS)Call Gavin Belson. Cell.(PHONE DINGS, LINE RINGS)Gavin (ON VOICEMAIL): Greetings,friend, I'm not available right now.-Please leave a message after the beep.- (HORN HONKS)I'll get back to you as soon as I can.RICHARD: What the fuck?Why isn't this working?Gilfoyle's preprocessorand my compressorshould integrate seamlessly.This should work.I may have made my preprocessorslightly faster than youasked me to, Richard.What do you mean? Howmuch slightly faster?- 200 megs per second.- You dick.That's eight times as fastas the specs required.No wonder our modules aren'trunning at the same speed.- Why would you do that?- I tried to make it slow.I really did. But I'm not Dinesh.It's very difficult forme to do shitty work.So I added a differencing libraryand then the whole thingjust took off like a rocket.Wait, so you're not processingwhole files, just the changes?- That's actually pretty cool.- Yeah, I thought so too.That's why I wrote it.All right, well, I guess Ishould just revert back.Right? Slow my preprocessor way down.Although, Richard, couldn't youjust rewrite the compressorto make it faster so it's compatible?I mean, these are minimum speeds, right?Just cause making the box sucksdoesn't mean we haveto suck at making it.Yeah. Okay. Um, here's one idea.Uh, what if we actually moveupstream and connect the parser...BOTH: directly to thecompressor seed functions.Okay. (CHUCKLES)Well, then the wholething would really fly.Yeah. That would rock.Hey, Richard, do you have a sec? I havea, uh, preliminary render for you.What is that?What do you mean? It's a box.That's not our box, is it?Yes. It's exactly what you asked me for.You drew a rectangle and said if itwas an animal, it'd be a box turtle.I mean, are you just going to do thebare minimum and call it a day?Is that, like, what you do?You said it didn't matter,you said you didn't care.No one's caring about this.I'm just saying, like,it's just a matter of prideand, like, self-respect.I mean, that's going to go in brochures,man, that's like an advertisementto you and the company and everything.I can maybe add some color to itand give the bezel a little slam.There you go. Definitely, a slam.Slam it.Yeah, maybe add some more lights.Sure. Yeah. Well, hey, uh,what are you doing standingaround here talking about it?You should go do it, you know.Go and make the damn thing.Make it a jaguar 'cause I have a feelingthis baby is going to purr.I don't care either, but, you know,I think maybe a gazelle is more like it.Cause it's synonymous with speed.Fuck that. A cheetah's faster.And it kills fucking gazelles.But I really don't fucking care.- But definitely cheetah.- Or a gazelle.Also, don't throw awaythe whole jaguar thing,- 'cause they're pretty quick too.- Or a gazelle.Ah! Jared, Jesus fuck!What are you doing?Sorry. I was...I was just taking a quietmoment to collect myself.What the hell is all this shit?My tenant has been leaving my belongingsin the alley behind my condo,to make more room for his tenants.- Your tenant has tenants?- Yeah. (CHUCKLES)He's Airbnbing my Airbnb.So, if it's okay with you,I might need to stay alittle bit longer, um...I can go around the back to getto the bathroom once Fred's here.- When's he moving in?- Wouldn't we all like to know.Fred, Erlich Bachman. You said you'dget back to me about the room.I don't mean to pressure you,but I need you to decide now.In this moment, on this phone call.I am literally standing withinfeet of three potential candidateswhose selves I couldeasily tell to go fuck...Good? What do you mean good?What does that mean, you're good?What? What other incubator? Where?What is the address?Because I want to sendthem a fucking nice gift.Fucking "Miami Vice,"disgusting architecture!Hey, man. What are you doing here?What the fuck are you doing here?What do you mean? This is my house.Crazy, right?This place is huge. (CHUCKLES)Did you want to...?Yes, it would be polite for youto invite me into your homeand offer me a Push Pop, yes.I'm sorry. You're telling methat we should spend less time together?Absolutely, Chela.Well, I have to say,this is a big relief.In all candor, I was feeling the same,but I thought that discussingit with you might be awkward.Not at all.You are ready, Chela,to stand on your own,to weather the challenges of the future,and the rumors swirlingabout your leadership.Be well, Gavin.I'm-- I'm sorry. Wait, what...what rumors?There is talk that in theface of a growing threatfrom Richard Hendricks and PiedPiper, armed with a powerful new CEO,- that you have done nothing.- (LAUGHS) Well, yes, but--That by shuttering Nucleus, you haveleft them to gather strength unopposed,ceding the entire space. Some are sayingthis is a show of great weakness.Who? Who exactly is saying this?Well, people talk.In the halls, in the cafeteria,on the parking shuttle.Wait, should... should Ibe worried about this?The beauty is...now you have all the answers.Yes? All right.Denpok, please.Will you sit back down?I need your help.- Of course.- Thank you.Clearly, we have come far,but we still have far to go.Not as far as lot D,but far nonetheless.JARED: Look what you guys built.You can't help but be elegant,you're like Audrey Hepburn.Ah, here they come.Well, I know we made a big dealabout just doing your absoluteminimum of your specs,but one thing led toanother and, well, Jack,buckle your seatbelt because I'dlike to introduce you to...Richard, just save it.Just got off the phone withCalvin Greene, CEO of Maleant.- They're pulling out.- What?- How can they just pull out?- Because they shopped our dealand got a better bid fromanother appliance maker,so Maleant's out, they fucked us.- Oh.- Yeah.So, probably we should just push pauseon the whole box thing until wefigure out where to go from here.Okay. Uh, I... actually, I have a...I have a question.Yeah, I know. I know. I know,Richard, we had an arrangement,but that was all based onclosing the Maleant deal.- So now we have to figure out--- No, no. Sorry, um...No, my question is, uh,who did they go with?Whose box do they think isthat much better than ours?- Oh, uh, Dectosphere.- Dectosphere?It's a brick with a power cord.Yeah. But I hear their new 43-11s,they're going to be hittingclose to 75 megs per second.Uh, we can do 200.What?Yeah. You think you can get mein a room with Calvin Greene?BIG HEAD: This is the pool.The first night I was here,I turned the heat, like, all the way up,and half the water evaporated overnight.It's crazy.Well, I hope you own a skimmerbecause there's a massive turdfloating on the surface of your pool.Who, Fred? Fred's great, man.He's got this really cool, um,malware cataloguing thing--Cut the shit, Big Head. I seeexactly what you're doing.Poaching my tenants? Youstole my business model.What? No. Dude, it'snot like that at all.It's just this house has,like, nine bedrooms.You have any idea howscary that gets at night?So I just wanted to havesome roommates around,but, um, you know, I felt weirdcharging them rent, cause, you know.No, I don't.Well, it's like, 20 million, youknow, so I don't really need it,but then they felt weird livinghere without paying me anything,so they offered me pieces oftheir startups. That's all.You just admitted to startinga competing incubator.I've caught you in a web ofyour own lies, haven't I?I don't think so. Wait, have you?All right, Big Head. Youwant to play it that way?If it's a fight you want,then a fight you shall have.All of you!See you, buddy.Big Head.(ENGINE SPUTTERS)Fuck!What are we doing here?Why are we fighting like this?I mean, I'm going to steal your guys,you're gonna steal my guys.We'll both wield the heft ofour considerable fortunesuntil each of us havenearly nothing left.Is that really what you want? Me either.So what do you say we join forces?I'm big enough.Are you, Big Head? Partners?- Okay.- Attaboy.All right, I'm going to take a spinon that fancy Japanese toilet,and then let's get to work figuringout which one of these bedroomsis going to be my office.GAVIN: Consider the bulldog.A grotesque monstrosityborn of relentless inbreeding.Riddled with sinusitis,crippled by joint pain.Chronically flatulent.A kindly pet, or humanity'scruelest mistake?All right, take it away.Ladies and gentlemen, justlike that horrible creature,the entire Nucleus program wasthe result of inbreeding.We mated Hooli engineers with Hoolidesigners in a Hooli kennel.Is it any wonder the result wasjust as unspeakable as that thing?Bring it back here.Look at that hideous face.All right, get it out of here!I'm sorry, Gavin. What's your point?My point is just as not all dogsare as flawed as the bulldog,not all compression playsare as flawed as Nucleus.Our execution was lacking,but the idea was correct.Our only mistake was looking inward.It is now time to look outward.I mean, this guy did all of the work.Ten minutes after we leaveCalvin Greene's office,he calls me up and says,"Hey, you got me. How much?"I just showed them the box,Jack's the one who made the deal.Good feelings, happy feelings.So Big Head built a better versionof your incubator, accidentally.- Correct.- And he didn't even realize it?Also correct.And your solution to that wasto go into business with him?Big Head? The guy youonce called more uselessthan a bag of dicks without a handle?Dinesh, don't fall for his"aw, shucks" routine.He is a shrewd businessman.And together, we have over 20 millionand 36,000 dollars at our disposal.Now, if you'll excuseme, on to Pied Piper.I have a board meeting, and this boardain't exactly gonna meet itself.LAURIE: Our subsequent order of businessis the approval of Pied Piper's redraftof the hardware requisition agreementwith Maleant Data Systems Solutions.- Ah, yeah.- The main event.We've all read the latestsales agreement, yes?Actually, I don't think I was CC'd on--So I believe we can movestraightforward to a vote?Actually, I'm sorry. Ihave an issue with, uh,section 14, paragraph two.Um, it states that Maleanthas exclusive rightsto purchase any appliance made byPied Piper for the next five years.Oh, uh, yeah. Jack gave themexclusive rights to the boxso that we would get abetter price upfront.Right, but this language is far broader.They actually have exclusive rights to usethe underlying algorithm in any form.Oh, no. That's not right at all.Yeah, so I think, Jack, we'regoing to have to go back to themand just change the language here.We're not going to be able to do that.And, uh, why not?Because that was the specificlanguage which Maleant requestedwhen I got them to pay three timesas much for each one of our boxes.It's a white label deal,so they have the rightto resell these boxes inany form they choose.Yeah, but Jack, if they haveexclusive rights to the algorithm,then we can't use the algorithmto build the platform.For five years. They wantedseven, I talked them down.I know, but you said that we could buildthe platform once we gave you the box.Yes, but I never specified a timeframe.Are you serious?I save your ass and you stabme in the back like this?- In the front, Richard.- Laurie, did you know about this?- I did not.- Well, then, good, okay.So it won't go through, becauseLaurie's not going to vote for it.Richard, this is complicated.If one goes strictly by thenumbers, these numbers,you have built a boxthat is so valuable,I am now obligated tovote in favor of it.Laurie, this deal is peanuts.The platform could be wortha thousand times what the box is worth.It could be, correct, however--This is theoretical, Richard.You don't have a price point, I do,and she has a fiduciary obligationas a member of the boardto vote for the box. On the page,this is in the best interest ofthe company. Am I wrong, Laurie?That is factually correct.You remember when you tried toend run me and kill the box?Well, she couldn't do agoddamn thing about it then.And she can't do a goddamnthing about it now.Simple majority ratifies theagreement, all in favor.Are you kidding me? What thefuck is going on right now?Laurie.I wasn't carbon copied onthis particular email,so I stand with Richard.Um, Richard,you know how I voted to fireyou a couple months ago?And I said that I didit to stay in the gameso that maybe at somepoint in the future,I could do something to help?Well, Laurie,I know you'll probablyreplace me on the boardand call for a revote tomorrow,but I'm here today.And I don't have anymetrics to back it up,but I honestly believe that theplatform that Richard wants to buildwill be far more lucrative inthe long term than any box.So, at least for today, I'm voting no.Motion denied.We will be reconvening tomorrow.And if I could get a, uh, an email,be CC'd on the latest draft...I couldn't sit there andwatch them do that to you.I just hope I don't endup fired over this.Well, what you did took incredible guts.And the fact that it probablywon't make any differencemakes it all the more meaningful.Right, I saw this nature documentarywhere a bison fought a lionto protect the rest of the herd.And it was so moving.Um, it didn't work, the lion,uh, tore into the bisonand then laid waste to theherd, but what courage.Thank you, Jared.You guys just had to makea great box, didn't you?- You couldn't phone it in.- (PHONE RINGS)Uh, guys, Gavin Belson is calling me.Again.- What the fuck does he want?- Hello?Richard Hendricks, just checkingin, seeing if you heard the news.- What news?- Mm.Obviously, you don't have yourHooli news alerts up to date.Go to the site. I'll wait.- Go to the Hooli news website.- Okay.It's an ad.Um, it's an ad. Hold on.Just wait four seconds, andyou can click to skip it.Just wait four seconds andthen you can click it.No, it's the kind where you haveto watch the whole fucking thing.It's the whole ad kind.I thought we stopped doing those.Goddamn it.Well, regardless, what you'll seeonce the paid announcement is over,is that I just closed a250 million dollar dealto acquire a littlecompany called Endframe.I thought you'd want to know.Update those Hooli news alerts.Also, I invite you to click yes,if our ad experience was relevant to you.Be well, Richard.What did he say?Oh, my God."Gavin Belson announcesdeal to acquire Endframe,"a middle-out compression platformcompany, for 250 million dollars."Even after they shitthe bed with Nucleus,Hooli gets to build ourplatform and we don't?(LAUGHS, COUGHS)- What is funny about this?- He's intoxicated.No. No... yes, but don't you see?Gavin, in trying to fuckus, just saved our asses.- (COUGHING)- He's right. He's right.- (COUGHING)- My gosh. Oh, my gosh, he's right.- Holy shit.- I am so confused right now.Gavin set a p-- (COUGHING)- He set the--- The price point.- Yes.- Yes, yes, yes.Yes, thanks to Gavin, Endframe, amiddle-out compression platform,is objectively worth250 million dollars.Wait, okay. We are a middle-outcompression platform company.Are we worth 250 million dollars?There's no way the box makesus worth a fraction of that.Laurie couldn't vote for the platformbecause she couldn't assigna dollar value to it.Well, Gavin has just done that.He's validated the market so there's...there's no reason to revote. We win.I can't wait to see the lookon that AAR prick's facewhen we come in there and gut him like a--(COUGHING)- Is he okay?- He's going to be fine.Welcome, men and ladies of Endframe.Rather than incestuously promotingthe same faces from within,you represent fresh blood, new ideas.Everything Nucleus was not.It is my honor to personallywelcome you all to Hooli.Does he really not remember us?How long did you work at Hooli?The last time?Seven years.I was here for nine. He wasinvited to my wedding.I hope Jack doesn't cry.I really hope he does.Hey, Gloria. Lynn.- Did they both get fired?- I don't...Laurie. What are you doing here?Where's Jack?Uh, as you may recall, at ourboard meeting last night,Jack said that he would get hisway, and that, in his words,I, quote, "couldn't do a goddamnthing about it," end quote.Well, in light of recent activities,it appears that I could doa goddamn thing about it.And I just did. JackBarker has been exited.- Fuck me sideways.- Indeed.Effective immediately,you are all at liberty tocommence work upon the platform.Okay. Wow.Yeah, uh, uh, I just got to ask, um,with Jack not being CEOanymore, am I CEO again?You are not.Nor are you, Mr. Bachman.I'm sorry, if I'm not CEO,Erlich isn't, Jack isn't,who is going to run Pied Piper then?Officially, and until further notice,this chair will remain empty.- Really?- Excuse me.♪ ♪♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪♪ I don't never feel pain ♪♪ 'Cause I done felt too much pain ♪♪ Blood flowing through my veins ♪♪ I'm just doing my thing ♪♪ Get money, baby girl, gold chains ♪♪ I don't never feel pain ♪♪ 'Cause I done felt too much pain ♪♪ Standing in the rain ♪♪ Blood flowing through my veins ♪♪ I ain't never did a thing ♪♪ Getting money, rocking chains ♪♪ We'll never feel the same ♪♪ We the thugs in the game ♪♪ I don't never feel pain ♪♪ 18 wheeler gorillasBlack with gold chains ♪♪ Pitch bird like steelers ♪♪ Hines Ward of the crime lords ♪♪ Running through thismoney screaming "encore" ♪♪ Spending nights with the prime whore ♪♪ But that's the bitchthat you're blind for ♪♪ Celebrating on a whim, nigga ♪♪ Pain is Pac above the rim, nigga ♪♪ My bitch rock a bigger gem, niggas ♪♪ 'Cause she was therewhen it was dim, nigga ♪