Okay, here's another one.TechCrunch says, "Laurie Breamspotted lunching at the Rosewood"with yet another risingtech star, Sam Herron.Could this finally be thenew CEO of Pied Piper?"Maybe she's just fucking them all.It's been ten days. Youknow what would be nice?If I found out what Laurie wantedto do with my company from herinstead of the fucking Internet.Richard, the accountants finallyagreed to release our books.Okay.Hey, Richard. Is thereanything we should be doing?I don't know. Why are you asking me?I'm not the CEO. There is no CEO.Because, apparently, Jack's empty fuckingchair is a better choice than I am.So, maybe... maybe ask thechair, see what it thinks.Say what you will about the chair,but at least it never toldme to build a fucking box.True. Compared to Richard,it's a lot sturdier.And it has a lot less ofBarker's ass rubbed all over it.♪Are you serious?On top of Jack's ridiculousseverance package,we spent a thousand dollars oneach one of your fucking monitors?We did? Huh. That's very pricey.So what? Raviga fundedus for $5 million.There's no way we burnedthrough all that.Do you have any idea how thesedeals work? That money's tranched.What's that?Well, from the Old French for "slice."Yeah, try to keep up, Dinesh.We get our money in stages.Right? We get $2 million upfrontto get us going, to designand build the product,but we don't get the next three millionuntil we take a product to market.And Jack was okaywith hemorrhaging money,because he thought wewere launching the boxand then getting the next threemillion in the next few weeks.But the platform will take waylonger to launch than that.Yes. So we are effectivelya $250 million companywho just took $5 million in fundingand now we're dead-ass broke.Our burn rate is astronomical,and every day we sitin limbo like this...What if we don't?What if we don't sit in limbo?Like fuck limbo, right?I mean, right now, let's... let's fireall these fucking sales assholes,and break the lease on this placeand get the fuck out of here.Can we do that? There's no CEOhere to approve any of that.Yeah. There's also no CEO hereto tell me not to do it, right?That's right. You're the CTO.Technically, you're the ranking officer.Fucking A.Look, when, or if, a new CEOcomes to take over the company,we will do what they say tothe best of our abilities.But there is a very real possibilitythat there won't be a companyfor them to take overif we don't do something about it now.- So, no more surprise waffles.- What?- No more Chef Amy.- No!And no more of thesestupid offices, okay?We're going to move back to the hostel.- Fuck.- Dinesh,we need to cut everycorner, save every penny,and plow it into engineersto build the platform. Okay?Then we will be back on track.So Gilfoyle, Dinesh, pack upthose gold-plated monitorsbecause we are selling them.Jared, come on. Let's do this.- Hmm.- Well, that sucks.Jesus.Okay, guys. Can I haveyour attention, please!Yeah, next goal wins.No. Uh, not... Now. Sorry,it's got to be now.And so, bring it in, Dang,uh, Chef Amy, Jan the Man,Keith, Northeast regional.And do you still have your shadow?- Yo!- Hey, there he is.Okay, uh... circle up.All right, I have some news for you.Is this about the new CEO?Re/Code is saying itcould be Reid Hoffman.No. I... don't know anything about that.No, no. There's no new CEO. There'sno new employees of any kind.There's actually... It's more aboutyou guys becoming former employees.So, look...We're heading in a different direction.And what that means is, ifI haven't taken you asideand spoken to you privatelyabout staying on,that does mean that you are...terminated, immediately.So, Dang, Chef Amy, Janthe Man, all of Sales,I am, uh, really sorry about all this.Are you sure that you canfire us, like, legally?Yeah. Yes, absolutely.I'm CTO. I'm the highest rankingofficer, so yes answer.You're... you're still CTO?Laurie hasn't fired you yet?No, she has... Why would she fire me?Well, Code/Rag said thatyour tech is mediocreand that's why no onewill take the CEO job.- What?- Yeah.That's why I assumedthat you'd been fired.Uh, maybe she's waitingtill Friday to fire him.Oh, that makes sense.No, it doesn't make sense. That'snot what's happening, okay?I'm not getting fired. That's crazy.I haven't read this article.Okay, maybe I'm too busymaking the tech awesome,because it's not mediocre.It's actually... turns out,it's fucking revolutionary.So, I guess that's the truth.And also, I'm not fired, these guysaren't fired, you all are fired.Everyone from this wall is fired.So, enjoy being fired.Jesus! This is a good apple.Where did you get this?- Oh, I have a fruit guy.- Fantastic.Read me back what we have so far.Uh, "Bachman and Bighetti shalleach include in this venture"any and all portfolio companies.The exception shall be for Pied Piper."Hey, how... how come PiedPiper is not a part of it?'Cause, you know, I actually used towork there, so maybe it should be?Big Head, Pied Piper is nolonger an incubating entity.It would be unfair to you andto me and to them for meto relinquish any of myshares in their company.And besides, like you, I'm giving upeverything else I have of value...shares, options, cash, liquid assets.Wait. So all my assets?That seems like kind of a lot.It is a lot, Big Head. We'reboth giving up a lot.And we're both gaining a lot also.And that's what every successfulpartnership is about.Committing fully, blindly, andwithout concern of the consequences,- like marriage.- Right.Oh, here. Get this down.In the event of a tie vote,any disagreement shall be settledwith a toss of a coin of Mr.Bachman's choosing.What the fuck are you doing in here?Can't you see we're having a meeting?Go ahead, Big Head,read that back to me.Oh, um... "In the event of a tie..."The fucking juicer's broken!This is he second one in two days!CJ Cantwell of Code/Ragwrites, and I quote,"Having met this manycandidates without closing one,"one can't help wonder whyPied Piper can't land a man."Could the vaunted tech offounder Richard Hendricks,"whom I once called 'thenext Mark Zuckerberg, 'be turning Pied Piper from a unicorninto a donkey wearing a party hat?"And?And, she's slandering my tech.It's the one thing that'sworking around here.Look, I think if I just talk to her,I can get her to change it.No. I do not want you to engagewith a muckraker like CJ Cantwellsimply to salve your male ego.My male ego has nothingto do with this, Laurie.Look, good coders won't want to workfor a company theythink has shitty tech.I need to get ahead of this now.And if I don't, we're done.Richard, whether youappreciate this or not,I do actually have a plan here.You can meet with everyone inPalo Alto to replace me as CEO.I'm not going to tellyou how to do your job.Okay, but I need to dosomething about this, now.She-she... she's callingus the next Clinkle.Clinkle, Laurie. Clinkle.You... you do know whathappened to Clinkle, right?Do you want us to be Clinkle?Please, just stop saying "Clinkle."It jars the ear. Fine.I will have my officeset up an interview.But I want you to presentyourself well, Richard.Be showered, groomed, well-dressed.And you will need to sit down with our headof PR beforehand to go over talking points.Why?Because you are in an emotional state,and when you are emotional,you become highly inarticulate.Well, I don't say that's true.Okay. Yes. Fine. Sure.Um...And thank you, Laurie.Before you ask, the answer is yes.I did blow all these hard drives clean.- So...- You really are a moron.The only way to reallyblow the hard drives cleanis to take a drill andpunch a hole through it.All right, calm down, Snowden. Izeroed them all out, we're fine.Welcome, welcome. Uh, we have lostour lease, so everything must go.The chairs are arranged inascending order of lumbar support.So, have a gander.Oh, uh, word to the wise:the Haworths are like aspa day for the buttocks.Yeah, and I have a fragile posterior.My aunt used to call me "glasshole."So, you can take it from me.Look at these fucking maggots.Crawling all over our garbage,leaving their slime of mediocrity.I thought you'd feel rightat home in a marketplace,haggling, selling your monkey paws,looking for Indiana Jonesin a wicker basket.Okay. Marion was in the wicker basket,Indiana Jones was tippingthem over, you fucking idiot.Hi.Let me know if you have any questions.Well, how about that?I made my first sale.I've organized a lot of estate sales,so this is kind of my wheelhouse.- What?- I have a lot of elderly friends.Oh, that is a fun item.That's a hardware fan.You've got the yellow hoodie on today.Oh, yeah.Wait a second.None of these are signed.Oh yeah. Um, it's just my businessmanager had some questionsabout the way some of thisstuff was being arranged.Like he said something abouthow it's not a corporation.It's just a generalpartnership or something.I mean, he told me I didn'tunderstand, which is true,so he wanted to maybetalk to you about it.So you want to lawyer up, huh?Is that what we're doing?I don't think he has a law degree.Big Head, I would hope that a handshakedeal would be good enough for you.Because we're headed down a long road,and that road must be paved with trust.Blind trust.And you bringing in theseso-called "experts..."...really gives me pause,and it insults my honor.Huh. Uh, sorry, hold on. I got totake this. I'll be right back.Sorry. Hello?Hey. Uh, how do I look?If I'm being honest, likea ventriloquist dummy.Uh... Okay.Well, you know, that'sactually kind of fitting,because I'm on my wayto Raviga right nowto meet with a PR person totell me exactly what to sayto a reporter and how to say it.Well, that does make sense.You do tend to babble onwhen you're under pressure.Why does this thing people say?Why indeed?That was weird.I just got a call from LaurieBream's office, at Raviga,asking if I'd want to interviewfor the job of CEO at Pied Piper.What? Are you fucking kidding me?That's exactly what I said.Then I said no, andthen we both hung up.I mean, I assume they hung up.I had already hung up, so...Wow. Wow. Okay.Okay. Yeah, great. Big Head.Big Head! Fucking kidding me?What the fuck is going on?Big Head, you can insult me all you wantby involving yourself-described shylocks,but to insult Richard and humiliate him,that's like kicking a child who'sdone nothing to deserve it.I may not be able to finish my ramen.I told them no.Hi there. Richard Hendrickshere to see Dawn Simon, PR.Sure, she'll be meeting you in the smallconference room. Um, do you need me...No, no. I, uh... I know where it is.It turns out, I actually know something.I'm not a fucking idiot.- Richard Hendricks. Hi.- Before we get any further,I just want you to know that, um,I'm not going to be yelling at you,but I probably am going to yell.- Okay.- Okay. Uh...because this is bullshit.Honestly, I mean, I get it.This is your job. You're in PR.Your job is to pretty muchtell me what I can't say.I mean, when I talk to thisreporter, I probably can't sayhow fucked up it is that,um, Laurie Bream fired me,and then replaced mewith Action Jack Barker.I probably can't say how theonly action he took wasto essentially pick the wrong productand then bleed the company dry.And I probably can't say howfucking pissed off I amthat Laurie Bream is out theregallivanting around the Valley,interviewing every dickholeon Earth for my job,including Big Head...a man that I fired by the way,and no offense, I like him.I do actually, he's a close friendof mine, been that way for years.He is a bit of a simpleton,his name's fucking Big Head.But, okay, look.I want to be CEO of Pied Piper, okay?It is my company. I worked my assoff to build this company, okay?That's my job. I deserve it.And it fucking kills methat Laurie is out theretrying to give it to someoneelse, anyone but me.But I probably can't say that, can I?You can say anythingyou want to say to me.All right.Thank you for meeting me, Monica.You are from...?Baltimore.HL Mencken hails from Baltimore.Who?Widely perceived as a racist,but... his work on the Englishlanguage is comprehensive,and his perspicuous skeweringof evangelicals is laudable.Monica, my mission here isnot merely to have fun.That's... that's okay.When I voted against you, at theboard meeting, I just want...Monica, this is not about you, for once.I brought you here to say...I am sorry.For...?Ah, yes, of course. You aregoing to make me say it.Why am I not surprised?I made a mistake with Richard Hendricks.And out I went, right on my ass.And then Laurie put that jackholeBarker in to bankrupt the company.But does she cop to that? No, no, no.Because the Laurie-tron 6,000 isn't programmedto admit when she's made a mistake.I made an error.Wow, um, that's reallybig of you to admit.I should not have removed him as CEO,and installing Jack Barker in hisplace only compounded that error.But if that's true, then why are youmeeting with so many other CEO candidates?I am meeting publicallywith a number of high-value candidatesI know to be unavailable, as well as witha number of less-qualified candidateswith whom Richard compares favorably.That's why you called Big Head.Yes. You see, Richardmust not be perceivedas being the most expedient candidate.He must be seen as thecorrect candidate.This is very exciting for Richard.I have been impressed by hisconduct in a tough situation.- Mm-hmm.- He's shown mettle.Definitely.Therefore, I will call for avote at the next board meetingto offer him the job.That is of course assuming he continuesto demonstrate an air of professionalism.Hi, Dawn. Are you waiting for someone?Yes. I'm supposed to be meetingwith Richard Hendricksbefore he sits down witha Code/Rag reporter.Oh, that's weird. I saw him earlier.And that is why...I'm just being honest here.I think that Peter Gregoryis better off where he is.Just saying, because if he knew whatLaurie was doing to his company,he probably would want to takea gun and blow his brains out.Uh, okay.We should probably start talkingabout the things that I can say.Um...Richard. Richard Hendricks?Yes. Who are you?Dawn Simon, Raviga's publicity director.So that would make you...?CJ Cantwell, Code/Rag.Thank you, I think Ihave everything I need.Please tell me that went well.Yep. No, yeah. It, uh...it-it was gone great.Yep. It had gone.It was great.Uh, she's a... she's a great guy.Really. Gir... girl. She's... she's cool.She's a cool one.Cool. Um, so I can just...I can get out here?- Just 'cause I got another thing.- Yeah.Slow down. Listen to me.Look, in my defense,I said those were all thethings I can't say, okay.So it's kind of like Ididn't even say them.But you did say them, at a meetingyou scheduled with a reporter.Reporter? Come on,you're a tech blogger.Oh, really. Hard to see why Laurieinsisted on a PR rep for you.Look, uh, just... tell mewhat I can do to kill this?- You want me to spike the story?- Yes, please.Give me something better. I don't know,go on a drunken racist Twitter rant,or, uh, get in your car,run over Elon Musk,and give me an exclusive from jail.Yeah.Otherwise, I'm posting thisat noon tomorrow, so...No, no, no, no. Look. Look.If you want to leave, you'regoing to have to run me over!These offices were nice.Now everything looks so bare.Yeah. There is a certainsad vulnerability to it.Have you ever seen a naked dead person?No. No. No.Well, the good news is,we cleared almost...$70,000 from selling all this stuff.That's not enough to affordall the coders we need.We need at least a dozen.Where would we even put them now?Shall we?Wait. Where's my hard drive?What did it look like?It just looked like anormal standard hard drive.You sure it was in your bag?Yeah, it was in my bag.Could it maybe have slid outand was next to your bag,which was next to all thehard drives we got rid of?Did you sell my personal hard drive?You didn't happen to wipethat one clean, too, did you?- My personal hard drive?- Yeah.No!Fuck!So it had our confidential IP on it?Yes. All the work we did on theplatform, the box, everything.Well, what's gone isnot necessarily lost.Okay, we just need to find it.I found my retainer inthe school dumpster.I found my biological fatherin a militia up in the Ozarks.This should be no problem.Don't worry, Dinesh, we'll find it.Uh, does he not know we're moving out?Should we tell him?No. Jack paid him infull up front, and...he seems so at peace.All right. All right.I am such an idiot.You've got no choice, Richard.You need to go in to Laurie andjust tell her what happened.What? It's bad enoughshe's going to find outwhat I said after thispiece posts online.You want me to go in andtell her right to her face?No fucking way.You could spin it.Tell her you're sorry.I had it. I had my old CEO job back,and I fucked it up.I'll get it.Ah. The Super Angel Premium Deluxe.In the flesh.Yeah, I had to drive to San Mateoto get one that has auto-reverse.Why didn't you send your assistant?She was on the phone, so...Well, Big Head, it takes a braveman to admit his mistakes,and with this token of apology,you've officially righted your wrong.Consider the matter resolved.Cool.Traditionally the offendershakes the offendee's hand,so you would come to me.That's an honest Thomas.Gentlemen, Monica, from theashes of whatever happens herewill rise the Phoenix thatshall be known as Bachmanity.That's what you're goingto call your company?Yeah, well, before it wasgoing to be Bachman Capital.Because I provide the Bachman,and he provides the capital.Yeah, but then, we compromised,and made it Bachmanity,'cause it's Bachman from him, and then the"Etti" from me. So it's two syllables each.Very much into keeping score, this one.Have a seat.I'll go fetch the documentsand my Montblanc.Psst!So, slight hiccup. I tracked downthe woman who bought the drive,but she wasn't interestedin selling it back.Apparently, she's already givenit to her elderly fatherand booked the Geek Squad to setit up for him this afternoon.What about my drive?All our stuff is on there.I think we're fine. She saidhe mostly uses the computerto download photos of old ships.I don't think he'll be able to findour files even if he wanted to.Well, I mean, hopefully. But still...Dinesh is right, this is sloppy.Where does this guy live?Oh shit, Richard, I'm sorry, man.Initial here and here.No. It's okay. I... I deserve it.It's my own fault.And you're going to want to sign here.Still man, that just really sucks.You know, I bet... I bet you wish youcould just scrub the whole Internet,like Gavin Belson does, right?Whoa, weird. Every single one of mysignatures looks totally different.- Wait. What?- Yeah, look.This one's in cursive, thisone's just printed, and then I,one I just wrote "Big Head," butthat's not going to hold up.No, no, no. Did you just say GavinBelson scrubbed the Internet?Oh, yeah.Yeah, and then they told me to my face,that after Nucleus was shut down,Gavin had one of his execsorder them to scruball negative mentions ofNucleus off of Hooli Search.Wow.Okay, when exactly did this happen?No, no. Actually, uh...you told me that you would spike mystory if I give you something better.This is better, right?Yeah. Light-years better, actually.Your story's spiked.Great, okay.As long as we're tradingapples for comparable apples,I've got a fresh and juicythat's ripe for the picking.Ms. Cantwell, what sayyou to an exclusiveon the launch of a futurefinancial behemoth?How about we just stick with Gavin?Gavin for Richard? Deal?Done.Monica, do you really need to be here?- Geek Squad.- The computer's right here.You're not wearing the shirt.I spilled coffee on it.I'm a nerd.All right. We're all set here.Yes!Can I have my hard drive?Oh, no. You fucking dick.Shit.You're gonna be replacing it.You're back. How didthe board meeting go?Well, um...You're looking at the past, present,and possibly future CEO of Pied Piper.- That is fab...- Oh...- Congratulations!- Jared...My captain!"O captain! My captain!Rise up and hear the bells.Rise up... for you the flag is flung...for you the bugle trills."All right. Dismissed.Well, uh, just to remind you,Pied Piper is still asinking ship, so...Enough with the maritime metaphors.This is honestly like the best birthdaygift that I ever could've asked for.- It's your birthday?- Oh, I don't know.The CPS worker couldn'tfind my birth certificate,but... maybe now it is.And in other good news, we've managedto fill out our engineering team.Did you tell them thatmy Fage's off-limits?Oh, that... that won't be a worry.Come meet them.All right, guys, who wants to startwork on the fragment uploader?Uh, Gleb, why don't youand Sanjay take it?Richard, say hi.Yes, uh, hello. I am,uh, Richard Hendricks,the CEO of Pied Piper. Welcome aboard.- Hello.- What the fuck is going on here?We got a little creative.Uh, I read that the womanwho started Pegg'd builther entire app using a team of codersfrom India, she never met in person.And it only cost $15,000.So, yeah, so we figuredwhy limit ourselvesto a few expensive people in the Valley,when we could afford a fullcomplement if we outsourced?Uh, Richard, I know we said thatwe sold everything in the officesto pay for these guys, butthat was not exactly true.Um, we kept one thing.Okay.Oh, wow. It's the CEO chair.Ah.Have a seat.Okay.Okay, uh...Well, uh, why don't we, uh,go around the room or screens orwhatever, and, uh, introduce ourselves?Hello, my name is Gleb.I am in Bulgaria.Hello, I am Sanjay. I amhere in Mumbai, India.- You having trouble?- No.I am Elisabet. I am speakingto you from Estonia.Uh, thank you for the...Whoa!It's fine. It's fine. It's fine.- I got it. I got it. It's fine.- Dude.You're making a great first impression.Sorry. Can we go to the...do the names one more time?