Okay, one extra-large, virgin margarita.- Thank you, Richard.- What took you so long?I actually... I met a girl.It's called the bartender,she works here.No, no. It's a real girl.And I actually got herreal phone number.Check you out, Mr. Casanova.Where is this individual?She's right over there.- The tall dude?- No, behind him.Oh, she must be hiding behind thatattractive girl in the red sweater.No, it is the attractivegirl in the red sweater.Can we stop looking at her?She's magnificent.Are you sure it's not the tall guy?Why are we surprised that young Richardis garnering the attention of ladies?After all, he's king again.Women like that.Okay, so she's a founder hounder.Come on, no, it... it's not like that.But you did tell her that you'rethe CEO of your own company?It came up. But I mean, honestly,how else was I going to explain that meand my friends were at a bar?That is a good point.Anytime you're near a woman,it is important to explain why.Otherwise, they get nervous.Gentlemen.To Pied Piper's past,and now present CEO.- Oh, what about future?- Jared, we'll worry about that later.Tonight it's about Richard.To Richard.I think you'll find I'm a... I'm a...I'm a pretty tolerant boss,but, Gleb, your... your last commit,you did use spaces over tabs.I don't know why you'dcommit to that...so just tell me why on earth you...you would do something like that?Is not so big a deal. They'revery much the same, yes?Yes, yes, he's right.They're very much the same.No, no, sorry, they're...they're not the same.At least, not in my book.One is right, and the other is wrong.Why didn't anyone tell Gleb to use tabs?Yeah, we did. And it's inthe company style guide.I just don't think Gleb realized howseriously Richard takes this stuff.Yeah, I've honestly neverunderstood it myself.I mean, once the code goesthrough the compiler,there's effectively no difference.I know, but coders go,like, batshit over it.At Hooli, I once saw two engineersget into a fight so vicious,- they almost made physical contact.- What?Okay, guys, uh, back to work.Gleb, Sanjay, everyone,do you understand tabs?Yes, yes. You have made thisvery clear as clear as crystal.Okay. Good, that's my little thing,and I'll hand you back to Dinesh now.He's... he's the man with theplan, and the... pretty cool tan.- It's not a tan, it's...- Yeah, I know, I know.Sorry.This is how I was born.Hey, Elisabet? Hi.Before you go, Ijust wanted to say thatI thought your last commitwas very impressive.Thank you.Almost as nice as thefingers that typed it.- Just call it like I see it.- Thank you.Speaking of seeing, I will see...- you tomorrow.- Yes. You will.- Bye-bye, Dinesh.- Bye, Elisabet.- Yuck.- What?You don't actually thinkshe was flirting, do you?She works here. She's paidto interact with you.Just like that bartender that Richardthought he was flirting with.Actually, she's not a bartender.And for your information,we've been trading texts.And... we're going fordrinks later, so...Great. If you go tothe bar she works at,you can probably drink for free.Again... not a bartender.Okay, she works at Facebook. So she makesa lot more money than I do or you do.And... she's definitely not afounder hounder. So... sorry.Yeah, none of that adds up.Hey, guys, check out Code/Rag.What, did the Gavin piece post?Indeed it did.Oh, "Gavin Belson'sHooli-Scrub Scandal."- Awesome.- Man, Gavin cannot be happy about this.Stay close.Back up, back up.You're on private property,back to the sidewalk.- You're gonna get arrested.- Hey, Gavin!Hello, I'm...You know, a hundred years ago,men like me could've hadpeople like that killed.Just like that. You think captainsof industry like Andrew Carnegieor Cornelius Vanderbilt would'vebatted an eyelid? Please.Times sure have changed.Or have they?Of course they have. And for the better.Unless...All right, forget it. What arewe doing about this article?Can we sue this Cantwellwoman for libel?Gavin, libel laws don't reallyapply when what's written is true.It's my understanding you did infact instruct Nucleus engineers- to obscure negative Hooli-Search...- I know what I did.Forget libel. What about this unnamedHooli insider she keeps quoting.Everything this person issaying is obviously coveredby a nondisclosure agreement.Let's sue that person.We don't know who that person is.And reporters generally don'tgive up their sources.Well, then I'll just have to light afire under this reporter's ass, won't I?You know, there was atime, not so long ago,when it could've been a literal fire.But as discussed, those days are gone.Unless...All right, forget it.You people are useless.Thank you. You're excused.It's Gavin Belson forCJ Cantwell, please.She'll know what it's regarding.Now, the stage should be here.With Yeezy or someone comparable.Now, I have yet to land on a theme.Most people who rent Alcatraz for partiestend to go with the prison theme.How much would itcost to make this lookas if it were never a prison at all?Spare no expense,and if you think it would be cool,I would love to have somesort of chocolate moat here,with little boats floating down a fieldwith graham crackers and marshmallows.It's been a childhood dream of mine.And get the best chocolatier,we want to impress.I'm inviting every assholefrom the Valley to attend.- You're inviting assholes?- Absolutely.Assholes, shit dongles,any foe or enemy I've madeover my storied career will be here.That way, when I take this stage andunleash the power of Bachmanity,they'll all be in the front row.Erlich.. can we talk for a second?What is it, Big Head?I thought I told youto go watch something on your iPad.I think we may have a problem.That Code/Rag reporter I talked tosays that Gavin Belson isthreatening to sue herif she doesn't tellhim who she spoke to.- So?- So, she spoke to me.No publicity is bad publicity.This might be great timing.Exactly the reason that we are partners.Okay, yeah. Except if Gavin finds outit was me that talked to the reporter,then he'll know I violated my NDA.And then he could come after myentire settlement if that happens.All two million. I mean, 20 million.Big Head, I'm not going to yell.And I'm not going to hit you.I'm just gonna ask you nicely,why in the holy fuck didn't youtell me you signed an NDA,you sweet, helpless,little piece of shit?Well, that's the thing about the NDA,is that the NDA is actuallycovered under the NDA.So if I told you about the NDA, itwould've been a violation of the NDA.And what about speaking with thereporter? What would that be?Yeah. Shit.So, what do you think I should do?- I could call her back and...- No!Let me handle it. You gowait in the helicopter.- Go.- Okay.Sasha, I'm going to need togo back to the mainland.- Oh, is there a problem?- Oh, no, no. Full steam ahead.Mainland.This is an island.That's the theme.Hawaiian.We'll have a luau.Yeah, somebody called me that in highschool, and the nickname just stuck.- Pakistani Denzel.- I mean, I don't see it.But everybody else does. So...Maybe they should callhim American Dinesh?Stop.Only if you stop first.- No, you stop first.- You stop first.- You go first.- No, I think you should.Okay, I'll stop. Bye.What's your end game here? Youthink after your tired rap,she's going to hop on a plane,fly halfway across the world,- and fuck you?- My motivations are pure.Her and I have, like, a real connection.She's so, like, nice andshe's so down to earth,that it's like she has noidea how attractive she is.You don't know how attractive she is.Packet loss over Estonian broadbandis terrible. She could be hideous.Well, I can't imagine that wouldmatter to Dinesh one iota.Right. Cause she's nice,and... very talented,and has a great laugh.And with any luck, she's not a dogface.How was your date with Winnie?Well, pretty good,considering she's stillin the other room.Baller, you got lucky on the first date.Yeah, did a little bit... not everything.I mean, I slept in my jeans.Well, take your time.Hunger is the best sauce.You're right. We did alittle bit of under the shirtsand, like, finger banging. Oh, hey.Hey, I'm Winnie.- Hi, I'm Dinesh.- Hi, I'm Jared.- It is an honor to meet you.- Okay.- God, what a pleasure.- Thanks.I'm Gilfoyle. Are you a bartender?- I work at Facebook.- As a bartender?I had a stuffed animal named Winnie.- Oh, wow. - I mean, itwasn't technically an animal,I took a Ziploc bag and Istuffed it with old newspaperand then I... I drew a smile on it.Okay, well... shall wehave some coffee, my lady?- Sure. Let's do it.- Okay. All right.We're already on to Elizabethannicknames. This is serious.- They'll be Ren Faire-ing soon.- It's healthy.And now that Richard's dating,in solidarity, I think Imight get back out there myself.You make it sound likeyou've chosen not to date.Yeah, absolutely. I wantedto focus on Pied Piper.But, yeah, maybe now I'll fanout my plumage, so to speak,and see what pretty birdiesmight share my nest.Hey, Jared. If you fuck anypretty birdies in my server room,put a tie on the doorknob, won't you?Oh, as a signal. Yeah, good thinking.Okay, so I'll just get the car keys andthen give you a lift home. Okay, my lady?- My lord.- My lady.Okay.So, Richard tells meyou guys are buildingdeep nets into your platform?Oh, really? What other companysecrets did he blab to you?Well I'm a bartender, I wouldn'tunderstand all the science-y talk, right?- Touchﾙ俄\.- So you do AI at Facebook?No, but when I was at MIT, I did mymaster's thesis on game playing AIs.I did a lot of machine learning stuff.For gaming? How does that work?It's on my GitHub. Do youwant to check it out?Gavin said he was gonnahaul me into courtand have a judge compel me togive up my source, or go to jail.Okay? I am not going to jail.No, no one's going to jail, CJ.Although, if you did, going tojail for protecting your sourcewould make you some kindof First Amendment hero.It's pretty much the best thingthat can happen to a journalist.Journalist? Okay, I'm a tech blogger.Okay? I write stories for theinternet about the internet.I am not going to jail for that.I know it is aninconsequential shit job.It doesn't really contribute toculture in any way whatsoever.We've established that you don't haveany journalistic integrity,but what would it costto buy you some?Then I figured out a way to train aconvolutional net to play Atari 2600 games.What?- Spaces.- Yeah, so what, you guys use tabs?In this house, yes.Richard is a bit of a zealot inthe Tabs V. Spaces holy war.I get that, for his company. Sure.This goes much deeper.I think he believes that peoplewho use spaces are less than.I wouldn't mention this to Richard.You don't want to seehim throw a hissy fit.Okay. Shall we away, my lady?- Nice to meet you guys.- Have fun.- Bye.- Bye.I actually kind of liked her.Too bad Richard's going to fuck it up.So, you moved the swimming pool?Yeah, it just felt like it was way toofar from the house, like, crazy far.So I had this company comeand just move it closer.But then you moved it back?Yeah, turns out the guy who built thisplace knew exactly what he was doing,and the pool was right where itneeded to be the whole time.But now I know that forsure, which feels good.Nelson, do you like being wealthy?Yeah. Oh, man, it's awesome.So you want to stay wealthy?- Okay, yeah, sure.- Great.Here are the three thingsyou need to do, all right?One, stop moving the swimming pool.Oh, yeah, okay, I cando that. What else?Two, you need to manage yourexpenses and track your receiptsa little bit better than... this.I'm only as good as theinformation I have.- Oh, you're great. - No, I wasn'tfishing for compliments.And three, I sense that peopleare taking advantage of you.Sorry, hold on.Oh, it's Erlich, I shouldprobably grab this.Erlich Bachman, a perfect example.You gave him signing power onyour personal checking account?Yeah, he's my business partner.You're not structured as a corporation.You're a general partnership.So he's essentially your spouse.- That's very dangerous.- But I trust him.He's actually trying to save us moneyright now, so hold... hold on.Hey, man.Big Head, wondrous news.I eliminated the Gavin problem,and at the exact same time,I closed funding on ourfirst strategic investment.We bought a blog.Oh, cool. How much do blogs cost?- What?- Oh, nothing.We practically stole it from them.- What?- I'm bullshitting.Half a million dollars.Let me talk to him, please.Hey, Erlich,could you talk to...my business manager for a second.No, I've got to jet, but tell himI'll see him at the party.Good day, partner.Okay, cool.About the blog...- 500 grand.- Oh, God.I know, we practically stole it, right?Your roommates arereally funny. I like them.They gave me a little shit.Oh, well, you can'ttake that personally.Oh, it's fine. They gave you shit too.Oh, really? What about,like my hair or something?No. They tried to convince me youwere some sort of formatting Naziabout tabs versus spaces.What? Me? Nazi?That's ridiculous.That's what I said, I mean,I use spaces. So what?Yeah, so what?See, they said you'd have ahissy fit if you found out.Hissy fit, me? No.- I know.- You know. I know.I mean, make up your mind, guys, am I aNazi or am I a guy who throws hissy fits?You know? Am I a Naziwho throws hissy fits?I hope not. That was Hitler.That was like his whole deal.I mean, that's pretty insensitiveto the Holocaust, don't you think?Cause that's, like, what Hitlerdid, you know, he just, like,killed so many people, sotragic, such a tragic time.- Yeah. - I'm so glad we'renot doing that anymore. - No.I mean, we, like I... likeI was, you know...!I want them all to die.I don't, I don't care.I mean, I do care, don't... don'tkill them... them... Jews.Anyway, what do you want to...what do you want to order here?- Is that our P-to-P protocol?- Yeah, I'm just hacking for fun.I figured out a way to use ourcompression for RTC, so...- Video chat? - Yeah. I think itcould be better resolutionthan Hooli-Chat. Even over 3G.It could just be like a fun, coolfeature in the platform, you know.And then coincidentallyyou'll finally be able to seewhat Elisabet actually looks like.Oh, yeah.I hadn't thought of that.If you worked half ashard on the platformas you do trying to oglestrange Slavic women,maybe our shares wouldfinally be worth something.Hey...what the hell was that?Can you give us slightly more, Richard?Why did you tell Winniethat I think people who usespaces over tabs are stupid?- Because you do.- No, I don't.And if I did, which I don't,why would you say thatbehind my back, to her?I mean, things were justgoing so well, until she...Yeah. That was completely lovely.- Yeah, it was really nice.- You're really something.- I'll give you a call later, okay?- Okay, cool, yeah.Great, sounds good. Bye, Jared.Bye.Jared?Yeah?Who was that?Oh, that was Carol.So... Jared, did...did you just have sex with her?What? I'm an adult,and like the rest ofyou, I'm a sexual being.You fucked her in the garage?Well, it's the serverroom and my bedroom.What, so you just meet a woman,and then you have sex with her?How often does this happen?Well, if you're asking me how many timesI've been in love, the answer is two.But the rest I won't talk about.It's untoward.Russ was right, this guy fucks.Who was that gorgeousgazelle in the driveway?Well, I've said all Icare to, let's move on.She let Jared have sex with her.Jared, nice. Using that dick.Gents, I'd like to invite youto what promises to be thesocial event of the season.Bachmanity Insanity.Alcatraz?Don't worry, it will be unrecognizable.Jared, with regards to the...you need a plus one?Oh, no thank you. I thinkit's too early for that.Good idea. Don't bring sand to thebeach, there's already pussy there.Richard, I assume you'll betaking your woman friend?You know what? Yes. She andI will be there together.I'm going to make this work,despite all your little attemptsto sabotage my relationship.You can do anything you putyour mind to, Richard.Including turning Alcatraz into Hawaii.You okay?Yeah. Yeah, all good. Great.- You know...- What?My roommate's goingout of town tomorrow,so if we want to come backhere after Erlich's party...Okay, yeah. Sure,that sounds good to me.- All right, it's a date.- See you then.Richard, what's wrong?Nothing. Nothing,literally it's all good.Come on.Oh, my God! I'm sorry.Your roommates were right,- you really hate spaces.- No, no, no.I don't, it's not hate,hate's a strong word.Truth be told, I do have aslight preference for tabs.But that's only because I'manal and because I prefer...precision.Well, not to pick a fight here,but if you really care aboutprecision, wouldn't you use spaces?But whatever.Once it goes through the compiler,it's the same thing. Right?Yeah. Yeah, technically yes.I guess, I just... I justdon't understand why you...anyone would use spaces over tabs.Like, if it's all the same,why not just use tabs?Because it could look differenton other people's computers.Tabs create smallerfile sizes, all right?I run a compression company, trust me,I've devoted my life tominimalizing file sizes.It's what I do. I mean,I do not get why anyonewould use spaces over tabs.I mean, why not just use Vim over Emacs?- I do use Vim over Emac.- Oh, God, help us!Oka... you know what?I just... I don't think this isgoing to work. I'm so sorry.I mean like, what, we're goingto bring kids into this worldwith that over their heads? That's notreally fair to them, don't you think?Kids? We haven't even slept together.And guess what, it's nevergoing to happen now,because there is no way I'mgoing to be with someonewho uses spaces over tabs.Richard!Okay. Goodbye.One tab saves you eight spaces!Oh, my God!Richard, what happened?I just tried to go down thestairs eight steps at a time.I'm okay, though.See you around, Richard.Just making a point.This new video chat protocol ismaking your image crystal clear.Wait... wait one second, Dinesh.Dinesh, I can't seeyou, it's all black.Oh, I'm sorry. I didn'tgive the camera permissionto access the video chat, hold on.- Boom!- Yes! I can... see you now.It's me! Pakistani Denzel!Yes! The Denzel who is from Pakistan.This video quality is great,right? Looks so sharp.That's what we do here at Pied Piper.It... it's very impressive.I will have to tell myboyfriend all about it.Boyfriend? You nevermentioned a boyfriend.Oh, no?This is because he's now just husband.I keep forgettingto say this, husband,but it is very good to see you this way,and we will talk more tomorrow.Yeah, we'll talk...Either she froze time,met and married the man of her dreams,unfroze time, and hopped backon to vid chat with you,or... you're the dogface.Which do you think it is?I'm on the fence.What the fuck is going on?Richard found a girl,you have a girlfriend, Jaredis getting laid with a girl.Hi, Mom.BACHMANITY INSANITY!Oh, God. Winnie, Winnie,Winnie, Winnie, Winnie.Sweet, sweet Elisabet.Gentlemen, mahalo for coming.You must taste the breadedhumuhumunukunukuapua'a,flown in fresh this a.m.- What is mumu...- It's breaded.Get ready. In T-minus five minutes,Big Head and I are goingto take that stageand I am going to ejaculatemy success all over the facesand hair of my fiercest rivals.Like some sort of vengefulviscous web of payback.- Erlich?- Yes. One moment.Sasha, you are doing anexceptional job. I mean,I see... I see no evidencethat we are not in Hawaii.We have a problem.Just several of our vendors aresaying that your checks have bounced.Sasha... I'll be back.Big Head, Big Head. Whyare our checks bouncing?If you had responded to any of my phonecalls, I would've explained it to you.Who the fuck are you?Erlich this is mybusiness manager, Arthur...- Klaiman. - Klaiman. I knew itwas something with Clay.As I was explaining to Mr. Bighetti,I've finally managed to geta handle on his finances.Our finances. Continue.After your considerableoutlay on lifestyle,this party and half a milliondollars on a website,you're functionally insolvent.Big Head, you're broke?We're broke, dude.Erlich, it's time.You have my number. I leftit on your voicemail.Several times.Titans of the tech world,I give you NelsonBighetti, Erlich Bachman,and Bachmanity!Aloha.That means hello.Oh, and goodbye.