Shit. I... I swear I deleted a picture,but when I clicked back to the album,the icon reappeared.It undeleted itself.But I can't get it tohappen again, so...Hey, Richard, totally out of the blue,do you know how we mightbe able to find that bug?No, Dinesh. We are notreleasing the beta.We integrated the neural net a week ago.The platform is full of bugs.But that is what a beta is for.You give it to people in thereal world, they use it,and that is how we find the bugs.Richard, Reid Hoffman says ifyou're not mortally embarrassedby the quality of your initialrelease, you've released too late.Okay. We already aremortally embarrassed.Okay? We move in andsubsequently out of our offices,mainly because it was too expensive,we fired two CEOs, we've pivotedto a box, and then pivoted back.Any more bad word of mouth andwe will be royally fucked.Where's Gilfoyle?Hey, Gilfoyle, the deletionissue is ducking me again,and... and, um, I'm sorry.- Oh, hey, Richard.- Hi, Tara.I need to borrow yourfella here for a second.All right, babe, I gotta go.Hey, when you check outthe settings view,can you let me know ifthere's something weirdthat happens with the submit button?It was a little weirdwhen I was doing QA.- Yeah, okay.- Sorry, the... the settings view for...?- The beta.- The beta for...?Pied Piper. It's a promising compressioncompany that doesn't pay very well.- You sent her the beta?- I did.Are you fucking insane? It's not ready.It's riddled with bugs.Really? Cause I've beentest driving it all day,and it's pretty fucking awesome.- Really? You think so?- Yeah. For real.Congratulations, Richard.It's so fucking cool.And when the neural net kicksin, it's gonna be rad.But, you know, I did haveone problem, though.I tried to restore an old fileand it asked me to confirm twice.Yeah, well, that was a bad merge.It's been there for months.I fixed it in ten seconds.Richard...Maybe.Yeah, maybe beta.- Hi, Dinesh.- Tara.Wait, that can't be right. How canBachmanity still be so far in the hole?Look at all this shitthat Big Head is selling.He was renting virtuallyeverything in the house.He rented that cannon?It was for display purposes only.So you forfeit your deposit.It's a cannon. What's hesupposed to do, not fire it?That was the provision.So that's it then, I guess.Big Head's really broke.You know what? He's young.He'll get past it.Nelson is not the only onewho should be worried.- You were partners.- Fair point.But shuttering a companyin the tech worldis almost a rite of passage,like herpes simplex one.At first, it's ugly and embarrassingand you're disgusted by your own dick.But after a while,in the larger scheme of things,you realize it's really...Mr. Bachmann, you structuredBachmanity as a general partnership.Then, with no money in the bank,you threw a million-dollarluau on Alcatraz.You're on the hook for that.And even declaring bankruptcyisn't going to absolveyou of these debts.- Bankruptcy?- It's none of my business. Good luck.Wait, where are you going? We need you.You're our business manager.There's no business remaining to manage.Good day, Mr. Bachmann.Hey, good news. Theysaid we can each keepone of the cannonballs, sonot a total loss, right?All right, so I've set up asign-up page for the beta,and we're gonna keepit small and secure,so that means we're limited to teninvite codes each to send out.I've already got my list.It's people that I know personally,and, uh, people that I know I can trust.Hm, we only get ten each.This could be prickly.Well, I'm out. I don't trust anyone.It's a huge part of my belief system.You sent the beta to Tara.Yeah, there was a transactionalnature to that exchange- which I'll get into if you want.- Pass.But it doesn't mean that I trust her,and I certainly don't trust anyone else.Oh, in other words, you have no friends.On principle. I could make what risesto your low standards of afriend any time I want.Sure you could.Gilfoyle, if you're notgonna use your ten invites,- could Dinesh and I have them?- Sure. Knock yourselves out.Loser. He's got no friends.- Okay...- Miriam, Sylvia...Oh, Samantha!I almost forgot her.You know, Jared, you can haveall ten of Gilfoyle's invites.- Much appreciated.- Yeah.Monica, hello.Um, did you honestly think thatyou could send me an emailtelling me that you were launching thebeta without sending me the beta?Come on. I'm dying to see it.Well, I think the whole pointof it, Monica, is to getthe beta into the handsof unbiased peopleso they can give us an honest...feedback.Besides, I... I justgave out my ten invites.Oh, if Monica wants an invite,I could, like, squeeze her on my list.- Are you sure?- Yeah, no problem.Okay, Monica, well, you're in luck.Dinesh has decided to giveyou one of his codes, so...Great. I promise I'll findsomething terrible to say.Okay, so I did a rough accountingof your assets and liabilities.Jared, don't look at me like that.Just give it to me straight.All right. Your house has appreciatedin value since you boughtit, but if you sold it nowfor what Zillow and Redfinthink it's worth...I'd still be half a million in the hole.Now, that's the bad news.- Is there good news?- Well, it's unclear.I... I went back through your records.Uh, at first, I'll admita bit voyeuristically,uh, to see where all of the money went,and apart from the party expenses,- which were staggering...- Yeah. Fuck, yeah.But one number jumped out at me.Now, whoever did your accountingearmarked almost 70 percentof Big Head's settlementmoney for taxes.Seventy percent?Even in Taxo-Alto, which Icoined, would be half that.Where did that money go?Well, that is thesix-million-dollar question.I may have the answer.I'm sorry. You're accusingme of impropriety?You, the man who spent $20,000renting giant fiberglass tiki heads,and $40,000 more when oneof them was misplacedon the way back to the rental house?I told you it wasn't misplaced.I know exactly where it is.It's at the bottom of the bay.I called you a thief becauseyou, sir, have stolen from us.Nelson, come on. You can'tpossibly believe this.- Sorry.- Don't apologize to him.- Oh, right. Sorry.- Thank you.Arthur, you listen to me,and you listen good.I have people calling me 40 timesa day asking for their money.I even considered sellingmy house to pay them.So you are going to go in yourlittle fucking piggy bankright now and pay backevery fucking kopeckthat you stole from BigHead, and if you don't,we're gonna take ourlittle show on the road,perhaps perform it fora man named the D.A.Ridiculous.Very well.Game on.Let's go, Big Head.Wait.I may have moved aroundsome of your money in a waythat wasn't exactly conventional.- Give me back Big Head's fucking money!- Yeah!- Sorry. Sorry.- No, you did good.I can't, because I don't have it.Hey, Marc, we may have a problem.What's up?Well, a buddy of mine atDatatrode sits next to a guywho just got invitedto Pied Piper's beta.Shit. They're already in beta?Should I tell Gavin?Fuck no. We're still twoor three months out.Yeah, if he hears PiedPiper's already in beta,trust me, he'll lose his shit.Fine. But if it ever comes up,I didn't hear about this.- And this came in when?- 43 minutes ago.And deleted six minutes after that.Fortunately, the filters,which I had installed, sir,caught the relevant keywords.I decided to walk it to you personally.An employee's withholding criticalinformation about a competitor.This is a fireable offense.You want me to bring this guy in?No.Acting on this would expose the factthat we're readingemployees' private emails,destroying the spirit of trustand freedom to innovatethat I've worked so hardto build here at Hooli.You know, it makes youwonder if the word Hoolihas any meaning for thesepeople whatsoever.- Is there anything I can do?- Yeah.Get me a look at that Pied Piper beta.I will figure out a way, sir.Finally. Where the fuck have you...- Hey, thanks for the lift, Kevin.- Yeah, no worries.Oh, Kevin, this is Dinesh,one of my coworkers.Dinesh, this is Kevin.We met at Phil's Coffee.Hey.We're friends now. Isn'tthat right, Kevin?Yeah.All right, my friend. I should getto work, so thanks for the lift.- Yeah.- Thanks for the coffees.Catch ya later, my friend.That was my friend, Kevin.Congratulations. Younow have one friend.He also said there was abug on the landing page.- Well, how severe is it?- Not bad.Compared to the rest ofwhat he said, it's nothing.Guys, uh, you might aswell hear this from me.Uh, I just had a long talk about thebeta with my friend, Todd Chambers.- The Dropbox guy?- Yeah, he was employee number 11.Why did you send it to him?He hates everything.Well, because I thought hewould be honest with me,- and, um, and he was.- Quite honest.Uh, he said that in the 15 yearshe's been working in the Valley,our beta was the bestbeta he's ever seen.- By far.- What? Really?I don't want to count ourchickens before they hatch.I mean, three percent of hatchlingsare born mutated or dead,but we may have a healthybrood on our hands.I'm getting the same reaction.I mean, a few bugs here and there,but overall, they love it.We might be holding pocket aces here.Awesome.Hey, guys.- How you holding up?- Good, yeah.I mean, just trying to makesense of all the feedback.Well, you know, I guess you justcan't let it get in your head.- Don't you mean go to my head?- What did I say?You said, get in your head, like it's,like it's a bad thing, but it's not.- It's great. People love it.- Really?Yeah. Yeah. I can't believe it myself.- They're flipping out.- That's awesome. That...And that's... that's forthe beta that you sent me?No, Monica. It's for the other betathat we've got kicking around here.I mean, I... I... I have aninbox full of raves here for the...upload performance, the mobile, the...What about... what about the interface?Did people have any issues with that?No, not at all. Why? Do...Do you have any issueswith the interface?I... I haven't actually hada chance to look at it yet.Are you serious? You've beensitting on the beta for a dayafter busting my balls aboutnot getting an invite.- Pretty fuckin' lame.- Yeah. Sorry.Yeah. Lame.I just got an email frommy friend, Max Karnow.He says, I heard the beta's awesome.Can I get a look?Guys, I think we'restarting to get some buzz.You know, maybe we should talk to Laurieabout moving up the official launch?You want to move it up?Yeah, I think we're ready.I mean, do... do you thinkyou can set the meeting?Yeah.Yeah, I'll... I'll gotell Laurie right now.Okay.What was that about?She's fucking weird.Hey, Richard, um, ifyour friend Max Karnowneeds an invite, youknow, I could probably- squeeze him on my list.- Are you sure?Yeah. I'll have to freezeout one of my boys,but they'll get it.Just shoot me his email.The perpetrator has been losingmoney for other clients for years,was lying to us and funneling ourmoney to said other clients,therein, fucking us.I'm sorry to say this is notan uncommon occurrence.Wait, it's not an uncommon...?So then it...Okay, got it.So if it makes any difference,I'd like to vie for a lesser sentenceif after he makes fullrestitution he would writea very convincing publicapology, preferably...Mr. Bachmann,an action like this is veryexpensive and time-consuming,and as you've already pointedout, even if you do prevail,the money is gone, unlessyou win a court orderallowing you to raid otherinnocent people's bank accounts,and that's a tough sell,even for a plaintiff who'smore, uh, sympathetic.Are you calling us unsympathetic?You just threw a million-dollar party.A tasteful Polynesian affair,culturally accurate,which I'm sure you would appreciate,and one that we can no longer pay forbecause this criminalhas left us flat broke.Also not true. You have a large stakein a company called Pied Piper.Yes, but I... I can't sell myshares at Pied Piper. Not now.Wouldn't it cover youroutstanding debts?Of course. But they couldpotentially be worth billions.Yes, and how do you see that playingto people who are being priced outof their homes by rich tech people?Have either of you been on a jury?No, of course not. I always get outof it. The fines are very reasonable.You don't just throw those things away?Gentlemen, let me tell you what I see.I see two able-bodied,entitled young white menwho lucked into more money thanmost people see in five lifetimes,and who, if they hadn't hadtheir millions stolen,would have promptly squanderedthem on more thingslike relocated swimmingpools and lost tiki heads.It's not lost.I know exactly where it is.It's in the bay.And if your Coast Guard wouldbe a little more helpful,we probably could have draggedit out of there by now.Mr. Bachmann,you pay those caterers andbartenders you owe money toor I assure you, that, I will prosecute.Mr. Chugtai, I am gonna need all the phonenumbers of the people on your list.Why?I'm just calling everybody thatwas on the beta and saying hiand a quick thank you, and then a...just a couple of follow-up questions.Yeah... I don't think so.What do... what do you mean?Well, I mean, putyourself in their shoes.They're, like, snowboarding in Tahoeor, like, banging some smokin' chick,and then this fuckin' nerd callsand he wants to talk about his app.- Buzz-kill.- Wait. Your boys are where?Well, those are just hypotheticals.I mean, my boys could be anywhere.I don't keep track of my boys.Actually, we can.We have the IP address and GPScoordinates for every active user,so we can figure out justwhere your boys are at.Um, you added a god-view?When did you do that?Right before I gave it to Tara.I told you, trust no one.Oh, that is very cool.Nice work, Gilfoyle.And we can isolate each of our users.Dinesh's, for example...Before we invade people's privacy,there is a conversation about ethics.Why is it that five of yourusers show up at this address?Oh, it's buggy.Should we beta test the god-view?I'm happy to drag this outas long as you want to.Fine.I was having trouble filling up mylist, so I made up a few people.Well, people do create imaginaryfriends to meet their emotional needs.When I was little,I used to pretend that I shareda room with Harriet Tubmanand we were alwaysplanning our big escape.Wait. Who is this,and why are they at the Hooli campus?What? Did you give the betato someone at fucking Hooli?- Who's Max Karnow?- Oh! That's not one of my friends.I have no friends. Got him from Richard.No. No, th...that can't be right.I went to Hendricks' Facebook page.I found a friend of histhat lived near Palo Alto,searched his name and found thathe was in the tech business.I then came up with agreat idea to dummy upan email account in his name,sent a beta request toHendricks, and then voila.- That's incredible.- Yes, well, it is my craft.You see, I think security detail is likecreating great jazz where you can all...What are you talk... I'm talking aboutthe beta. Will you shut the fuck up?!- Ahem...- Fuck, this is good.Their sign-up flow, theirmobile app, it's just seamless.How are they doing this?!I can put a team on that, sir.- If you want to know how they...- Why are you so high-maintenance?- Do you want me to answer that, sir?- No! Goddamn it!You're so needy!Okay, I just talked tothe real Max Karnow,and he had no idea about the beta.Wow, um, clearly we're dealingwith a Hooli spy here.So what do we do?I mean, shut down hisaccount, obviously.Yeah. On it. Sorry, Dinesh.You will now have one less fake friend.Wait, Gilfoyle. Is shuttingdown this guy's accountreally the worst thing wecan think of to do to him?Oh, my God. Where the fuck is my head?Stand by.Look at their compression ratios.The more files uploaded,the better they get?- Are we doing that?- No. Not really.That's gotta be some kind ofmachine learning optimization.Maybe a neural net?Well, then I want that.You need to put thatinto our platform. Now.I'm not even sure we have the resourceshere to engineer something like that.And even if we did, our platformisn't designed to accommodate it.You're talking abouta ground-up rebuild.Great. So do that. Andbeat them to market.That's impossible.You're at Hooli now, Marc.In case you didn't know, here at Hooli,we make the impossible possible.So if I say I need...- What the fuck is happening?- Oh, shit!It looks like a zip bomb.They must know it's us.- That hard drive is fucked.- This is my personal laptop.You opened a stolen betaon your personal computer?Yes. And I installed it on my phone.Shit. It could fry the entire system.Cut the power to the building!No, Gavin.It's isolated to your user account,so it's just your laptop and your phone.It has no impact on therest of the network.You don't know that. You don't know shit.None of you do!You don't even know whatHendricks is capable of.Cut the power to the building!Cut the power to the building!And that's that.- And now... delete user.- Nice.Wait, is that... is that Monica?She finally opened it.Oh, yeah. Well, that's odd.It says here that shestarted using it yesterday.Wait, so she lied? Why wouldshe lie about using the beta?Yeah, why would Dinesh lieabout having friends?Why would Tara lie to meabout fucking other guyswhen we have a totally openand hedonistic relationshipthat allows for behavior like that?Because people like to lie, Richard.It's a war of all against all.The history of humanity isa book written in blood.We're all just animals in a pit.- I feel very sad.- Fucking Gilfoyle.No, no. What are you doing?Get back to work.On what? You powereddown all the computers.Use a notepad. Code on your phone.We have a deadline here.No, Gavin, you have a deadline.We quit, like we shouldhave done the first time.What first time? Whatare you talking about?We both worked at Nucleusright here in this room.Yeah, before you fired us and rehired usto do the exact same thingwithout ever noticing.I invited you to my wedding, Gavin.Why?We just lost our key engineers.What the hell do we do now?No one leaves this roomuntil we figure it out.Thanks for the lift.Steve's place is prettyfar away from everything,but he's letting me stay onhis couch for free, so...And you were supposedto be my meal ticket.Yeah.Hold on. CJ called.Hey, uh, just wanted to let you knowabout a great new story I'm chasing.It's a cautionary tale oftwo young entrepreneurswho flew too close to the sun.I mean, apparently in themidst of losing millions,they threw a huge partythey couldn't afford.I talked to two bartenders and a catererwho worked your party the other night.None of them have been paid. Call me.Well, it appears we spent ourlast dime acquiring a tech blogwhose chief focus ischronicling our demise.And Jian-Yang...Erlich Bachmann,is your refrigerator running?This is Mike Hunt.Oh, here, here it is on the right.Thanks, man. Hey, uh, areyou sure you're coolwith me taking both cannonballs?- I'm sure.- Thanks, partner.I got it.I know you lied.- Sorry.- What the fuck?- Are you okay?- Yeah, I'm fine.How the hell did youknow that I was here?Well, we have god-view on the beta,and I saw you leave youroffice and come here.So you're stalking me?Look, Monica, I know you'relying about not using the beta,so why haven't I heard from you?- Richard...- No, it's okay.If you don't like it, you can say it.Everybody loves it, so I think Ican handle one negative review.- Fine. I don't like it.- Really?Are you serious?Everybody else loves it.I've never wanted to like somethingmore in my life, Richard.- I just... I don't.- Okay.What specifically doyou not like about it?Specifically?All of it.I mean, it's not, it'snot the UX or the designor anything that you can tweak.It's just the wholething feels engineered.Okay. Well, that might make sensebecause, um, I'm an engineer.Look, you've gottenoverwhelmingly positive feedback.The build is incredibly stable,and you're out of money.So if you think it's ready,you should launch and unlockthe next three million.Look, Monica, I... I value your opinion,and you're the one that doesn't like it,so I don't know.Richard, look...- I passed on Slack.- Really?I never told Laurie.She'd probably fire meif she knew, but I had a chance to buy20 percent of Slack fornothing, and I passed.I didn't get it. I still don't.I mean, what is it? Is it email?Is it a chat room?Turns out the answer is it's athree billion dollar company.But that's the fucked upthing about what we do.Sometimes our opinion is wrong.And no matter how good something is,there's always gonna besomeone who doesn't get it.And unfortunately, withPied Piper, it's me.Um, a week ago,I was worried about releasinga beta no one would like.I'm just bummed that you'rethe one that doesn't like it.Which is why you can'tlisten to anyone else.If you believe in something,don't let anyone talk youout of it, including me.Peter Gregory always said,Don't invest in products;invest in people.I invested in you,and if you think it's ready to go,I will go to Laurie andfight like hell for it.So, what do you want to do?Congratulations, everyone.Yeah, I can't believe it.We're actually, finally, launching.Yes. Tuesday, 9:00 a.m.Pats on the back. Pats on the back.Gentlemen, I just realizedI've forgotten to take a shit.So, uh, I'll see you backat the old homestead.Okay.Laurie.I have a business propositionI'd like to discuss with you.It's about my shares in Pied Piper.Okay, T minus five minutes.Dinesh, are you stillseriously squashing bugs?Not really. I'm so fucking tired,I'm creating more than I'm fixing.Where the fuck is Gilfoyle?This isn't easy for me to do.You served me well, old friend.But we're transferring to AWS now,and I'm afraid you can't come.Oh, I'm pathetic?I'd rather have a bunch of fake friendsthan be best friends witha fucking metal box.Can't you two see?You're each other's best friends.Fuck you, Jared.Yeah. Jinx.You owe each other a friendship.One minute. Holy shit.Holy shit.Excuse me.- Hello?- Hey, it's CJ.Uh, I just heard from thefolks that worked your party.And? And it turns outthey were paid in full.So apparently I owe you anapology, and I feel bad.Not as bad as I feel, I can assure you.Yeah, I'm getting another call.Hello?Erlich Bachmann,this is your mom,and you are not my baby.Not now, Jian-Yang! Not now!Go back into your room!- Sorry.- It's okay.Here we are, Erlich.Jobs and Woz, Woz and Jobs.I mean, we did it. Youand me, man, forever.All right.Richard, never been moreexcited to be proven wrong.Yeah, well, get ready foryour lives to change forever.Five......four, three, two, one.