From "Bloomberg West" in San Francisco,I'm Emily Chang.General Keith Alexander is hereto tackle tech's rolein counter-terrorism,but first, a quick glimpsewith Richard Hendricks,founder and CEOof the hot new compressionplatform Pied Piper,and Erlich Bachman, Chief Visionary.Oh, Emily Chang,it is just splendid to be here with you,at historical Pier Three,with a breathtaking viewof theEmbarcadero Centerand the flag of San Francisco.Now, Richard...Richard actually developedthis technology in my incubator.I am listed--I was originally listedunder the white pagesas "Erlich Blachman,"uh, with an "L," a typo thatapparently couldn't be changed,and then Google indexed it, soI've been dealing with that.Richard, Pied Piper hastaken off like a rocket.More than a hundred thousand installsin just ten days. Is that right?Uh... uh, yes.Pretty amazing.And you have a last-minute inviteto the "Vanity Fair"Summit dinner tonight.Quite an honor for such a young company.Richard, maybe you cancomment on this one?Yeah, we are the-- finallythe-- the belles of the balls.I mean, uh, ball.Now, some people are callingyou the next unicorn.Have you guys thought about that?You could have a billion-dollar company.Erlich, you could own fivepercent of a billion dollars.Uh, ten, actually.Richard, this is boring.- Shit.- No, no, no.He was--he was an early investor.Again, it's... Erlich Bachman.If you Google that, it'll say,"Did you mean Erlich Blachman?"You can click on that link,it'll give you the correctresults for Erlich Bachman.Should we take some calls?We don't do that here.I just know what I saw, Richard.No, come on. Look, she's married,she just had another baby.If you pushed a little harder, you couldhave scored right there on camera.- You should get her phone number.- Shut up.Oh. This is actually, uh,Jian-Yang pranking me.I should take it.Yes, of course I have frog's legs.Why do you ask?Are you serious? Have you honestly stillnot told him that you sold your shares?You can't keep lying to him like this.It's not technically a lie.My shares don't transfer to Ravigauntil the next board meeting.Come on, it's been ten days.I know, I know, but, youknow, the TechCrunch thingcame up and then therewas the Reddit AMAand, you know, now this Bloomberg thing.And besides, let's be honest, Richardshouldn't be in the public eyewithout me along to help. Did you see theskeeved-out look on Emily Chang's face?I thought she was going to walk off set.Erlich, you're lying to him,and you made me a part of it,so now I'm lying to him, too.The longer you wait, theworse this is gonna get.- All right, fine, I'll tell him.- When?After the "Vanity Fair" thing tonight.I mean, did you see the guest list?Monica, throw me a bone here.24 hours, then I'm telling him.- Fine, I'll tell him. I'll tell Richard.- I'm serious.- Tell me what?- I'm not joking--Um, it was, uh, Jian-Yang.He said to tell you thatPhillip McCrevis left word.Oh, who's "Fill-up My--" Oh.♪Richard, we'd better get ourasses in first fucking gearif we want to make it tothis "Verge" photoshoot.Oh, shit. That's today?Yes, I assumed that's why you're still- wearing your Bloomberg makeup.- No.No, I was just--I kind of like the way it--can we just push thisto next week, please?They don't really do that.Okay, well, can you go?Please? I just have a ton of work,and honestly I would be really happyif I never had to doany of this ever againand then you were justthe face of the company.You know what I mean? Oh, shit.What-- what time is this"Vanity Fair" thing?It's tonight. I figurewe're wheels up by 6:00,then we can check into the hotel,shit, shave and shit again.- Get a cocktail.- What hotel?Eavesdropping. Well, if you must know,we got a suite at the Fairmont,and they're sending a car.I think Richard deserves it. Andthen I figured tomorrow in the a.m.,we would sleep in andhave a nice brunch.I don't have time for a brunch.I have to be back here.Come on, eggs benny, a little spinachtartar, you'll flirt with the waitress.Killer. And, uh, we'll have a nice talk.- Talk? What about?- You know, things, all sorts of themes.So tomorrow, you, me, brunchand, uh, one word... frittata.Hey, fellas, is it me or isit a bit chilly in here?What in God's name is that?What do you think it is? It's a jacket!Now, I onlyordered one as a sample,but once I have your sizes,we can all have them.Why would we all want them?One is already too many.I don't mean in the house. Imean, like, in the world.Now Gilfoyle, I have you atabout a 40 long? Am I right?If my mother was nakedand dead in the street,I would not cover herbody with that jacket.Gilf.Jared, now that you're here,we need two new tablesin the game room. Yeah?Okay. Well, maybe against the doors?Oh, hold on, there's more.Because 'awesomeworld-changing compression company'would take up too much space."And you guys give me shitfor a tiny gold chain?I regret nothing. I'mgoing to get coffee.Hey, Brownie, you coming?I was thinking we'd hitthe Philz on Middlefield.No, let's drive to theone on Forest Avenue.It's further from that jacket.Claude, you're on pagerduty until we get back.Jared, can I borrow that jacket?I sense you're doingsomething ironic with it,but I'm okay with that because...however unattractive thisjacket may seem to you,once you slip it on,everything will change.It'll shake out its hairand take off its glasses,and before you know it,you'll be in love.Jared, it's really fucking ugly.Consider the tortoise.As the fable teaches us,it may appear that heis losing in his raceagainst his nemesis, theinsolent and cocksure hare.But appearances can be deceiving.Gavin, the tortoise. Is it Endframe?Yes. But there's more.The hare is Pied Piper.Indeed it is. Someone'sread their Aesop.We've also read the financials, Gavin.Between Nucleus and Endframe,you've burned throughthree-quarters of a billion dollars,with virtually nothing to show for it.Two weeks ago, on theheels of powering downthe entire Hooli campusfor seemingly no reason,you lost all of Endframe'ssenior engineers.I grant you, we've stumbledon offense of late,but the best offense is a good defense.We've taken a page outof Apple's playbookand are currently "reviewing"the Pied Piper app for salein our Hooli store at a pace onemight call "tortoise-like."Don't. They hate that.In any case, I have it on good authoritythat it may be sometime before Pied Piperis available on Hooli OS devices.- We're making it available immediately.- Sorry?You're fighting a war that's alreadyended, Gavin. Pied Piper won.We called this board meeting to informyou that it's time for Hooli to let goand move on without you at the wheel.I'm sorry, without me?Are you firing me?Our intention is simplyto transition youinto a more appropriaterole within the company,one with less oversightof day-to-day operations.You're putting me on the fucking roof?You could always choose tomove on, Gavin. Up to you.I built this company with mybare hands in my fucking garage.Where were you when I was doing that?Gavin?These animals?Fuck.Well, uh, you are certainly more thanqualified to be our new head of PR.Laurie thinks you're great. Um, tobe honest, we could use the help.All the media stuff has been prettyoverwhelming, especially lately.- If Marissa Mayer can do it, so can you.- Oh.And, uh, you're available immediately?I am. I do have onequestion for you guys.Is everything here... cool?Is it cool? Uh, yeah.Yeah, I mean, I'm-- I'm cool.- Yeah, he is cool.- Uh-huh.Clearly, but is thereanything you guys wantto tell me... about the company?What, like, uh--All right, look, this is weird,but when I was in Laurie'soffice yesterday,I saw a piece of paper on her desk.Well, she--she can be a bit untidy.It was a sale of a bigblock of Pied Piper stock.Is someone on the insidedumping shares rightas you're launching?What?No. No, absolutely not.'Cause that would be a prettysevere signaling risk.I mean, you don't have to bein PR to know that insidersonly dump stock like that whenthey know something is wrong.The bulk of my compensationhere would be options,and if those aren't goingto be worth anything--Yeah. No. No, no, no.That is not happening, okay?Nothing is going on here.- Yeah, except excellence.- Okay.Well, you let me knowwhat you want to doand I'll think about it.Okay. Oh.Um, well, thanks for coming.What the hell was that?Maybe it was a negotiating tactic?Monica.It's Monica.Well, let's not jump to conclusions.I mean, she's the only onewho's bought a jacket.Jared, she's the only onewho hates the platform.There's no other explanation for this.Okay? Monica fucked us.She pulled down her pants andfucked us in front of her parents.Did some-- Richard, didsomebody do that to you?No. No, I don't know why--Oh, boy, it is chilly.Good thing I broughtthis sweet jiz-acket.Eh, friend? We came here together.I know what you're doing.You think you're embarrassing me,but that's only the secondaryeffect of that shitty jacket.The primary effect is...that youlook like a douchebag.Let me put this in termsyou'll understand.I'm like a suicidebomber of humiliation.I'm happy to go out as longas I take you with me.Your shame is my paradise.S'up, ladies?What you noshing on? Cranberry scone?My friend Dinesh here has alittle crush on you. He's shy.I don't know him.Oh, he plays coy.I don't know why he's so shy.Excuse me. I noticed your jacket.Do you work for Pied Piper?- Yeah.- Dude, your app is killin' it.Everyone I know is installing it.Do you seriously? I justdownloaded it last night.Yeah? Do you mind if we get a picture?- With me?- Yeah. Everybody get in.If you want it.- Thanks.- Thanks, bro.Hey, man, did you rememberto put money in the meter?Hi, I'm Dinesh. I work at Pied Piper.Excuse me, do I know you?Gilfoyle.He's a fuckin' dick, butI love him, though.You have me confused with someone else.My name's clearly Jared, and if youwould excuse us, you were interrupting.No, he's lying. His name is Gilfoyle.Show them your driver's license.Jared asked you nicely to step back,so step the fuck back. You're beinga dick, and you're cutting in line.You heard him. You're being a dick.- Boy, some people.- What a creep.Sorry you had todeal with that, Jared.You and me both, friend.This is Monica.Is it? Because apparentlyeverything elsethat comes out of your mouth is a lie.Shit.Look, Richard, I totallyunderstand if you're pissed at me,but please know that I tried as hardas I could to get him to tell you.Oh, really? Well, that'snot what he said.Oh, really? What exactly did he say?He said that he found it on a pieceof paper in Laurie's office.What? Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Who'sthe "he" that you're talking about?You know who. David.- My brother?- What?Who the fuck-- I don't know.No, David, the fucking PR guywho's not going to take a jobwith us because of what you did.Richard, I am totally lost. Whatexactly do you think I did?You can play dumb all you want to.It won't change the one thingthat both you and I know is true.You dumped your stock.What? No. I didn't dump a singleshare of my Pied Piper stock.I swear. Well, then who the fuck did?And make sure that the money reads.I mean, Pied Piper is abillion-dollar company.It's not just a unicorn.All right, let's do some rearing.There we go. Now, let's let the hornssort of look like my dick. Perfect.- Are you fucking kidding me?- Richard.Um, can we take a soft five?I was going to tell you. That'swhat tomorrow's brunch was for.Brunch? You had ten fucking daysand you didn't say a thing.Fine. You want to knowwhy I didn't tell you?Because it's fucking humiliating.I'm broke, Richard.Did you hear me? I'm broke.Erlich Bachman, the name that usedto be synonymous with success,went broke and was forced to sell.- I got royally fucked, Richard.- You got fucked?You're the one who threwa million-dollar party.- Yeah, but it was a great party.- No one forced you to do that.Admit it, you fucked yourself.But I'm not gonna letyou fuck my company.I'm going to have toissue a press releaseexplaining what you did and why.No, no, come on. This isn't out.- It's one PR guy.- That we know of, Erlich.How many other people sawthat piece of paper?How many people has this guy talked to?This is Silicon Valley.Rumors spread like light speed here.How are we gonna get goodpeople to work for usif they think something funkyis going on with our stock?How are we going to scale?This is going to kill us.Richard, do you know whathappens if this goes public?- I'm Ron Wayne.- Who?Ron Wayne. The guy that owned tenpercent of Apple and sold it in 1976.No one in this town willwork with me ever again.You want me to risk theentire future of Pied Piper,everything that I've worked for,just to protect you from yourown fucking incompetence?Richard, there's a threeto four percent chancethat this is going toget out on its own,but there is 100 percent chancethat if you issue a press releaseno one will ever takeme seriously again.My dignity is in your hands, Richard.Do with it what you will.Gavin? Is that you?- Jack Barker.- Nice plane.- Yours too.- Where are you headed?I just needed to take awalk and clear my head.There's this great little hikingtrail near my lodge in Jackson Hole.Get out of here. I'm on myway up to J Hole myself.Is that right? I thought you sold.No, I just never go there.So how long you going for?Coming back tomorrow afternoon.- Me, too.- Oh, come on. Come on.Seriously, we need to find a couplehours, get together, catch up.I could tell you some war stories.Well, I'd love that.I could tell you a few of my own.Well, be well.- You, too.- Take care, Jack.- Yeah.- See you.Gavin? Wait.Uh, what are we doing here?I mean, you're on your way to JacksonHole, I'm going to Jackson Hole.You seem like you coulduse some company.- You play chess?- I do. Indeed.Fantastic. I tell you,when we get up to altitudeand the Wi-Fi kicks in, I'mActionJB62 on Hooli chat.- Find me.- I will.- I'm glad we bumped into each other.- Me, too.- Really is a small world.- It's crazy.Okay, well, uh, I think it reads well.And it's all in there. This willdefinitely set the record straight.Then again, you're basicallylighting Erlich on fire.So what? He fucked the company.He potentially fucked the company.Are you kidding me? Wh--Gilfoyle, back me up here.This is thorny.How is this even aquestion for you guys?Honestly? I mean, it'snot like he's goingto be out on the street.He just sold ten percentof a company that's valued atat least 50 million dollarsand now suddenly we're givinghim the benefit of the doubt?Well, it sounds mightyChristian of you, Gilfoyle.There's no reason forhate speech, Richard.I can see by the sour,pinched expressionson all your faces thatRichard has filled you inregarding the unfortunatecircumstances that have forced meto relinquish my stakein your fair company.Erlich, uh, you should know thatI have written a press release.- Oh?- I'm not going to release it yet,but if I hear wind of these rumorsspreading out of control, I'm goingto send it to every tech publicationand blog on the face of the earth.Do you understand?- Even UPROXX?- Yes, even them.Also, uh...this is the check for next month'suse of the house as our office,but we'll be out bythe end of the month.Richard, it doesn'thave to be like this.From this point forward,you will have nothingto do with this company whatsoever.I'm replacing you on the board,and I'm giving your seat to Jared.- So that's it then.- Yes.So I guess we better get readyfor that "Vanity Fair" event.What?Did you not listen toa word I just said?I heard thousands of words about rumorsand the need to contain them.What do you think would happenif I didn't show up tothis "Vanity Fair" event?I've already RSVP'dand given them a listof phony dietary restrictionsjust to cause a scene.I told them I was pesca-pescatarian.Which is one who eats solelyfish who eat other fish.I think my absence would be noted.- Erlich brings up a good point.- It's true.Let us not forgetMeinertzhagen's Havers--Yes, yes, Meinertzhagen's Haversack.We all remember his sack.Okay, fine. Yeah.Sure. You can come. I can't stop you.Uh, I'll be taking thecar and the hotel roomand you're going tohave to drive yourself.Consider it my farewell dinner.See you at the event.- Jared, are you okay?- It's just so many emotions.The board seat. I feel regret and gleethat you would choose to honor me,and terror at not living upto your expectations,and compassion for Erlich's loss.Oh, Donald, you've come undone.You still want him on the board?Hi, there. Checking in.Richard Hendricks.Fuck me. Hey, Richie.Oh, God. Hey, Russ.What's up, boy genius? You here fucking?Huh? No. No, no, no fucking.Just, uh, here for the"Vanity Fair" dinner.Oh, yeah, I know that stupid dinner.Bunch of VC douchebagsjerking each other off.Speaking of, I got this girl atthe bar, I'm trying to take herup to the presidential suitebefore her fucking bridesmaidsruin the whole thing, butthey're telling me it's booked.Who is it? Is it Gore? Fuck that guy.- Oh, God.- I saw Pied Piper launched.Haven't tried it, probably won't.I don't even want to thinkabout how fucked I gotmissing out on Erlich's shares. Fuck.Wait, he-- he tried tosell you his shares?Well, half of them. He was prettydesperate to stay on the team.Well, he didn't mentionanything about this to me.Of course not. Why would he? It's fuckinghumiliating losing all your money.You think when I dropped below a billionI walked around telling everybody?Fuck no. You guys werethe only ones who knew,and I actually thoughtabout having you killed.- I'm sorry, what?- So Erlich and I, like two weeks ago,we had a contract ready... five mil Iwas gonna pay him for half his shares.It was a win-win. Thenthat robot, Laurie Bream,sweeps in and cockblocksthe whole thing.She forces him to sell her allhis shares. You think she's gay?Maybe. It hasn't come up. I,uh-- so wait, she outbid you?Outbid me? No, she didn't have to.You don't even know how your ownfucking company works?All right, Mr. Hendricks, wehave you staying one night- in a deluxe double.- Okay, do you have a tub in that room?Does he have a tub in that room?I don't know. There's no way of telling.You know what? Fuck it. I'mgonna take her to the "W."She's so drunk she won't know thedifference. See you around, Richie.Hey, it's CJ.Listen, I'm hearing a rumorabout some serious uglinessgoing on at Pied Piper.I've heard it from three differentpeople now. You need to call me.Fuck.What in God's name is thereason to get a higher education?You can just buy amegafreeze for 35 cents.Laurie, can I talk to you for a second?Yes, uh, Richard Hendricks,- do you know Mark Pincus?- Hello.- Big fan.- Oh, okay. Yes.- Sorry, just one second.- Yes. Oh, all right.I'm sorry to cut away like this.We can continue discussing this.Okay, uh, look,I know Erlich sold youall of his shares.I'm just, uh, wonderingexactly how that happened.Ah, yes. It was one of my finer moments.Erlich came to me with an outside offerto sell half of his Pied Piper shares.To Russ Hanneman for fivemillion dollars. Yes, I know.But somehow you ended upwith all of his shares. How?Oh, well, as you know, the sameonerous terms you acceptedwhen you took Russ Hanneman's money,they transferred to mewhen I bought him out.These included the right toblock any transfer of stockswith a majority vote of the board.A board which I control.- I don't understand.- Of course you do.If I have approval of any buyer,and I am the only buyer I approve,then I can set my own price.So I asked Mr. Bachman for a thoroughaccounting of his debts, uh,which ran to approximately $713,000.And how much did you give him?$713,000.Jesus. So, he walked away with nothing.Uh, yes. And so as I said,you're the one who accepted these terms,so you're the one who enabledthis action on my part.All credit goes to you, Richard.Excuse me.Dick. Dick Costolo. One moment.I need to speak with you.It's expensive to re-plant.No. The vines are bad. The soil is bad.Excuse me, what is that?That's pesca-pescatarian.- It's fish that--- Actually, just bring me one of those.- Me, too.- Yeah, waiter, I'll take on, too.- I want one.- I want one of those also.Wait, hey, hey,I'd like that also.Excuse me, if he'shaving one, I want one.You're getting that,I want it, too. Excuse me!Hey, I thought you were at the dinner.I left.Erlich never showed. Is he here?Yeah. He's hiding in the backyard.- Why?- Have you not seen the article?No."Is Erlich Bachman theDumbest Man in Tech?"What the hell is this? Inever sent anything out.- Who did they talk to?- Erlich.This is CJ's blog. He outedhimself to protect Pied Piper.This is way harsher thananything you ever wrote.Plus, there's the visual component.Speaking of... where'syour jacket, Jared?That's quite a piece.Informative. Thorough.You certainly know howto make an impact.And I guess I don't have to worryabout any rumors coming out.Those are handled.You know, Erlich, uh, Pied Piperstill needs a head of PR.You seem to be well-versedin media outreach.And by your own admissionin that article,your head is--what did you say?--so far up your own assyou can see the future.And that could be useful...if we need a pre-cog...in a way?Uh, I don't know ifyou're available, so...Are you offering me a job?Well, we have a good option package.Um, it won't be quite whatyou had, but it's something.That's very generous.So things could go back tothe way they were before.Well, no. No. Not exactlythe way they were.No, no. Uh, well, thiswould be an actual joband you would have responsibilities.Would this job have a title?Something, say, ChiefEvangelism Officer?So, CEO?- Oh, my goodness!- What the fuck was that?Richard.The Pied Piper app just gotaccepted to the Hooli store.What? Holy shit.Gavin Belson just presented us withhis bare buttocks in submission.We beat him. Idon't-- I don't hug. No.Um, okay, hey, look, uh, time to issueyour first press release, right?It's very late, Richard,and I'm very high.Erlich, I don't care.You have to do it, okay? Now.- It's your job.- Okay.- All right.- Oh!CJ Cantwell. Erlich Bachman.The reason I'm calling hasabsolutely nothing to dowhatsoever with the factthat I own half of your blogand everything to do with the fact thatI was just named Chief EvangelismOfficer of Pied Piper.Feel free to abbreviate that,whatever acronym is most economical.And I have a story.Well, if it's anything likethis last one, I am all for it.I am getting so many paidviews on your tell-all.Everyone in the Valley is reading it.Well, that's good... for you...at my expense, I guess.Anyway, I had no choice.As you said, it was going tocome out one way or another.Why? No one knew about anyof it until you told me.What do you mean? You said that youhad heard from a bunch of peoplethat there are all these rumors aboutugly shit going down at Pied Piper.That's literally the only reasonthat I told you any of this.What? Oh, yeah, threedifferent people told methat Pied Piper had the ugliestjackets they'd ever seen.Jackets?I was going to do, like, a wholeswag fail thing, you know.That could have been cool, no?Who the fuck cares about jackets?♪ Hey, come on, babe ♪♪ Follow me ♪♪ I'm the Pied Piper ♪♪ Follow me, I'm the Pied Piper ♪♪ And I'll show you where it's at ♪♪ Come on, babe can't you see? ♪♪ I'm the Pied Piper, trust in me ♪♪ I'm the Pied Piper ♪♪ And I'll show you where it's at ♪♪ Girl, don't be scared to move ♪♪ Hey, babe, what areyou tryin' to prove? ♪♪ It ain't true that yourlife has kicked you ♪♪ It's your mind and that'sall that's trickin' you ♪♪ So step in line ♪♪ Hey, come on, babe, follow me ♪♪ I'm the Pied Piper, follow me ♪♪ I'm the Pied Piper ♪♪ And I'll show you where it's at ♪♪ Come on, babe, can't you see? ♪♪ Come on, babe, follow me ♪♪ I'm the Pied Piper ♪