Tables.Tables are made so a person cansit down and do something.Or nothing.Any person can sit at a table,and if the table is largeenough, many people.To make jokes, eat a meal, tell stories.Tables are for people tobe together and share.And that is why tablesare like Pied Piper.Grapefruits, postcards, hugs.These are things people shareto connect, to come closer.To open up about ideas andthings that make us feel alive,like air, ballet, amazinghaircuts, weird countries,three-alarm chili, mountains,continents, the Earth, life.Life is beautiful and sadand hopeful and dangerous.So maybe the reason we share so muchis because we understandthat without sharing,we can't survive.And sharing is tables.Pied Piper.Yes. Tables. I see. It's a metaphor.- It's a wonderful ad spot.- Yeah. We're all just tables.I love what you've done with the place.It's a really nicely done place.Say, is that your dog?It's a dog.You and I have never really hadmuch of a rapport, have we?It's... wanting.Oh, look.Well, we're almost there.Prepare to gather, everyone.No, I didn't say to gather. Isimply said prepare to gather.- Monica, hey.- Oh, hey. How's it going?- You holding up okay?- Not really.I know. Her parties arealways deeply weird.Hey, um, I guess this is asgood a time as any to say it,but, um, I'm really sorryfor not getting Pied Piper.And to be honest, it's reallyembarrassing to be so fucking wrong.Well, here's the thing,you, uh, you might not be.What? What are you talking about?Uh... okay.So, well, Pied Piper launchesand everything's great,and we spent a fucking bazilliondollars, on the Tables adand now we are almost at500,000 installs, right?- Yeah. What's the problem?- Well, as you know,installs isn't really themetric that matters.We need daily active users, peoplewho come back to the platform.Okay, so how many dailyusers do you actually have?Okay, what would...what would be a numberthat would make you say,"Ugh, oh, that's bad."I don't know, like, 100,000?- Oh.- Are you less?How much less?- 19,000.- 19... 19,000 less than a hu...- 81,000?- No. No, just 19,000.- That's the only number.- What?- That's... that's terrible.- Yeah. I'm aware.- Well, yeah, that's art, not a chair.- Oh.Richard! Oh, my... well, youhaven't told Laurie yet, have you?- No.- Okay. Well, who else knows?- Dinesh and Gilfoyle?- No.Erlich?No.Well, apparently Jared knows.Yeah, Pied Piper's sortof what I'm known for,but I'm into a lot of cool stuff.Like, a lot.You seem surprised.I'll give you an example.A few months ago,I'm at my computer, freestyling,just kind of jammin' out, you know,before I knew it I had thrown togetherthe greatest video-chat appthe world has ever seen.So you invented Skype a few months ago?Great ideas just sortof flow through me.The platform, you know, it'ssort of a group project,but, uh, the video-chatapp, that's my solo album.- Oh, Robert.- I'm Dinesh.What the fuck is going on with you?Hmm? Could you be more specific?You're hiding something.What? No, I'm not.Everything's fine. Youknow, everything's fine.That's a lie.I can tell because you subscribeto traditional Judeo-Christianmores of right and wrong.You're made uncomfortable by untruth.My commitment to LaVeyan Satanismgrants me certain freedoms.There is no good andevil, there's only self.- Would you like a beverage?- Yes, I would.Lie. You just want me to go tothe bar and leave you alone.Gil... you crack me up.Lie.I terrify you, as I should.Get out of here.Okay, thank you.Okay, so, I just spoke with my friendwho runs a market research firm,she's gonna set up a focusgroup for the platform,put it in the hands of some real users,and hopefully it'll be superobvious what's going wrong.- Okay, great.- Clink, clink, clink. Gather.Faster, please. Gather faster.We're close.We need to see the numbers change.499,995,499,996...499,997...It's going great. Uh,they've been engagingwith the platform for about an hour now.- They're just starting the Q and A.- Uh, great.Thank you, everyone, forsharing your feelingson the revolutionary newPied Piper platform.Now, Bernice, you sayhere that you were...totally freaked out by the platform.What specifically totallyfreaked you out?Everything. Just everysingle thing about it.Just, like, how it worked.Now, who else found themselvestotally freaked out by this platform?Barry, Warren, Natalie, Martina,Gwen, Amy, Walker, and Clay.You were all totally freaked out.Was anyone not totally freaked out?Clark? Good. What was your reaction?It just made me feel stupid.This file sync thing is confusing.When I put videos into my mainfolder, it says it uploaded them,but then I didn't see where they went.It said stuff was onmy phone and my iPad,but when I looked at thememory, it said, zero K used,so stuff wasn't on there.That's the platform. He'sdescribing the platformand what's great about it. Well,clearly he doesn't get it.clearly none of these people get it.Maybe this is a bad group.This is the fifth one today and it'sthe least hostile reaction we've seen.Okay, well, everyone that I showedthe beta to loved it. Loved.- Oh, shit.- What?Who did you give the beta to?- Your friends. Engineers.- Well, yeah, Monica.I wanted to give it topeople who would understandwhat I'm trying to do, so Icould get useful feedback.And with all due respect,I gave it to you, theone person without acomputing background,and you said it felt engineered.- Oh, shit.- Yeah.You're trying to sell theplatform to regular people,but you never actually put itin the hands of regular people.Like them.Shouldn't there be a download button?Did they honestly forgetto add a download button?You know what, Richard,why don't we just go...I mean, who designed this thing?I did. I designed it.Excuse me? Who are you?Uh, my name is Richard Hendricks,I'm the CEO of Pied Piper.Oh, my God.Oh, you're the onewho forgot the download button.Yes.But no. No, actually,there is no downloadbutton because, um, well,you don't need a download button.We're past that.I mean, that's the old thing.This guy, actually,he should have told you that.I'm a moderator, not an advocate.Okay, well, with Pied Piper,you don't need to downloadanything or send anything at all,anywhere, because the second you take aphoto or a video or compose a text message,it's on all of your devices instantly.- So it's all on my phone?- Yes.Wrong! It says "zero Kused," so it's not on there.Aha! Aha...Yes, well, that's the best partabout the platform right there.Yes, uh, because you're right,it's not actually on the phone.But you don't need it to be on the phoneif you can see it on the phone,even though there'snothing there at all.But... where the hell is it?Everywhere.And nowhere, sort of.Let me, uh, let me justtake a step back hereand explain it in a simpler way.- Um, sorry, what was your name?- Bernice.Bernice. What did youhave for breakfast today?- Scrambled eggs.- Scrambled eggs.And what's in the eggs?Electrons. Right?And we all know how electronsexist in orbitals.Multivalent states? No?No one knows this? Okay.Okay, that's fine. Bad example.That's on me.I'll... I'm going to usethe whiteboard here.You're gonna... you'regonna love this. Okay.Then, once we hit acritical mass of users,the volume of data movingthrough the systemwill enable the neural net tostart optimizing the platform.It will actually get smarterand faster all on its own.Is that like when I'm texting and my phonestarts guessing what I'm going to say?This goes way beyond autocomplete.Actually, all of your deviceswill begin helping each otherin ways that we can'teven design or predict.Okay, but see, the problem is...Terminator.What? No. No, no. No, no, no. No.I can assure there is noSkynet type of situation here.No. Pied Piper will in no way becomesentient and try to take over the world.He just told us he couldn't predict it.I'm just saying... everybody died.Mm-hm, yeah.- You're right.In those movies, therewere a lot of casualties.- Quite scary to think.- It's food for thought.Speaking of...Can we order some pizzas in here?So, when we put our filesinto a Pied Piper folder,they get split up intotiny bits and spreadacross a network ofother users' devices?Yes, that's, uh, peer-to-peerdistribution. Continue.But they can't look at any of our filesbecause they only have tiny,scrambled pieces of them?- Encrypted sharding.- Clark with the assist. Great.Uh, go on.But we can look at anyof our files anytime,anywhere even though they're notactually on any of our devices.Yes. Yes, Bernice, that's it.That's Pied Piper. That's everything.So it's all on our phoneseven though it sort of isn't.Oh, my God. That's awesome.Isn't it? Yeah.So, uh, what do you think?Will you use Pied Piper now?- Well, yeah, I think I will.- Me, too,- now that you've explained how it works.- There you go.That's what we've been aiming for.They get it!What's he smiling at?This data was corrupted thesecond he walked in that room.So we're tanking, and it'sbecause we're too good.That's one way of looking at it.Uh, yes.Yes, we have created a productso far ahead of its time,people are having difficultywrapping their heads around it.Well, then we just need tochange the platform, right?- We simplify it.- Well, we can't.It's not as if I don't want to, it'sjust that we literally can't do it.Um, if you build an airplane and peopleare afraid of anything that flies,you can't just take thewings off of it, because,at that point, all you're left withis a really slow, superexpensive shitty bus.No, uh, we built anairplane, we got to fly it.What's the point of flyingif it's fucking empty?I think people will want to flyonce they realize howcool the platform is.Guys, I know we're in atough spot right now,and I know we needed aquarter million DAU'sin order to get our next roundof funding, but this is it.I think we can do this. All we got to dois just take every lastdollar that we have,which is, uh... Sorry, uh, Jared, what?Well, after the Table ads,the salaries, recruiter fees...You know what? I haven'trun the numbers.It would be irresponsible to estimate.Okay, uh, is it lessthan a million dollars?- Oh, God, yeah.- Okay.- It's higher than 500,000, right?- Yeah.I guess it's about $697,240.But don't quote me on that.Okay, we use that money todo outreach, tutorials,user meetups, uh, create aguerrilla marketing campaignthat explains how cool the platform is.I know it's not ideal, but, um, Ireally think we can pull this off.Yeah, that seems doable.Lie.Or here's another idea. We couldput the platform on hold,take the money we have leftand pivot to somethingthat doesn't requirehours of explanation.You know, I've been showingpeople the video-chat app- that I hacked together and...- Shut up, Dinesh!You ungrateful pricks, all of you.Your tepid response to ourintrepid boss makes me ill.His plan, will it work? Mm-mm.Almost certainly not.All of you will likely lookback at this time in your livesand realize you wasted a wholeyear with nothing to show for it.But if this company is a plane, thenthis is Richard's goddamn plane,and if he wants to fly it in theside of a fucking mountain,that is his prerogative andit is our duty to climb on,strap in and have a fierydeath right behind him.I don't... I don'tknow about that, but...Richard, the floor.Crashing aside, I thinkthis is the plan and, uh,really, what other option do we have?Well, I know what option I have.I can quit. So I quit.Okay. Any... anybody else?Guys, no.Look, Douglas,customer support is goingto be a big part of this.We need you guys if we'regoing to get 250,000 users.I barely have any customersto support, Richard.And the only way you're goingto get that many usersis if you go to one of thoseclick farms in Bangladeshand pay for them. Goodfuckin' luck, man. I'm out.- Guys, wait.- Jared, let them go.I have to do their exit interviews.I guess I can do them ontheir walk to their cars.Richard, we're better off without them.Lie.This is intolerable. A mancan only take so much.Banished from my own company? No.I'm just going to give them whatthey want. I'm going to resign.We can go to Haiti, build orphanages.Haiti?Is it not said that one shouldthink globally and act locally?I'm not acting at all.Lao Tzu teaches the bestfighter is never angry.More important than the blowis knowing when to strike.Like, perhaps, after we experiencethe executive white waterrafting trip in Coeur D'Alene?Gavin, do you have a moment?Yes.Alone?Of course. Denpok?What?Give us a moment, please?Gavin, I'm really not supposedto be talking to you,but there's something I thinkyou should know about.I'm listening.A customer service repthat just left Pied Piperis on campus right nowinterviewing for a job.Why would anyone leave Pied Piper now?I thought maybe you'dwant to ask him yourself.Well done. Well done.Okay. Thank you for coming in, Douglas.- Yeah.- Right this way. Okay.- Uh...- Douglas.Consider the possum. Nature's...Gavin, if you're bringing anotheranimal into this board room,- this meeting is over.- Of course not. Don't insult me.Gentlemen and lady of the Hooli board,I am the possum to which I refer.Playing dead to outwitthose who wish me harm.But it's time to end the charade.I'm sorry, Gavin. What charade?For months, I've ledthe world to believethat my Endframe division was pursuinga broad-based compression platformin direct competition with Pied Piper.But secretly, I knew that any suchplatform was destined to fail.But Pied Piper is not failing.It's the most popularapp in the Hooli store.One of the most installed, yes.But I happen to know, because Imake it my business to know,that their daily activeuser numbers are abysmal.So, you were neverdeveloping a platform.Why didn't you tell us this?Says the chairperson of the boardthat recently asked for my resignation.Trust cuts both ways. I thoughtit best to leave you out of it.I'm sorry, Gavin. I'm just findingall of this impossible to believe.If you were never building aplatform, what did we just spendthree-quarters of a billion dollars on?I'm not going to tell you.Instead, I'm going to letthe new head of productfor Hooli/Endframe tell you.Hello, everyone.I'm Jack Barker, and I'm very excitedto introduce Hooli/Endframe'snewest product...We call it The Box.Pied Piper'sloss is Hooli's gain.May the best product win.Can I get you a shirt, sir?There you go.Actually, let me ask youa question, uh, Emily.What did you have for breakfast today?- Um, yogurt.- Okay.And, uh, we all knowwhat's in yogurt, right?Electrons. Multivalent states.Welcome to the Pied PiperInformational Seminar.Now, what is Pied Piper?Excellent question.Here it is.One of your Hooli/Endframe boxeswould go right here in this rack.Okay, let me show you the next locationin which we would installone of your boxes.Congratulations, Jack. Andcongratulations to you, Gavin.- Hey, John?- John?John?A lot of people haveraised their hands, uh,throughout this seminar saying,Hey, is thing like the Terminator?Uh, no. Not at all.Hi, how big are your files?Dodge Challenger? Hoodie?- John?- Yo!- John?- John!- John!- John!This is Pied Piper, guys. Okay?If I could just explainit one more time.Guys? Please don't leave. I beg you.Hi, Bernice. Yeah.We kind of thought wenailed it with Tables,but you say you want somethinglight, fun, inviting.But most of all, you wantsomething that deliversa step-by-step guide to all ofthe nuances of your platform.Yeah.All of this with the caveat thatyou don't have enough money- for even a minuscule ad buy.- Um, yes, that's right.That's a pretty small target to hit.Anyway, here's what we came up with.Oh,hello, welcome to Pied Piper.How can I help you?What in the name of fuck is that?Well, his name is Pipey,the Pied Piper Piper.He's fun. And, uh, you know, thedemo's interactive. Just...Looks like you want tocompress a movie file!Can I help? You know, withPied Piper's revolutionaryneural network, optimized, shardeddata distribution system,it's just six clicks away! Follow me!- I like it.- That's a fuckin' lie.Yeah.So, Richard, you want us totake the most sophisticatedand technically complexcompression based platform- ever created and add that?- Still here!Well, after the booths atCES and South by Southwest,all of our outreach, theDodge Challenger...Still here!Plus, all the cost ofworking up, you know, this,- we are pretty much all out of money.- Follow me!Okay.Uh-oh! Somebody seems confused!Let me walk you throughPied Piper's proprietarypeer-to-peer content distributionsystem, consisting of...Richard? Are you indisposed?Richard, can I come in?Richard, I'm... I'm sorrythe guys didn't like Pipey.It's over, Jared.Well, you know, a lot of animatedcharacters have rough starts.Early Bugs Bunny cartoons were just garishdisplays of anti-Japanese hysteria,and now he's the face of Warner Bros.I'm not talking about Pipey, Jared.I'm talking about Pied Piper.We're dead. We fought GavinBelson, Russ, Hooli,the lawsuit, that fucking box,all so we could build ourplatform the way we wanted to.And we did, but I guess you justcan't fight public opinion,except for one woman named Bernice.Face it, Jared, being too earlyis the same as being wrong.Hey.- We'll figure it out.- I don't know if we will.Besides, I think I'm getting tiredof being kicked in the balls.Come on, we have a fewweeks of runway left.Uh, I don't want tosay exactly how much.Again, I'm not comfortableestimating, but...Take what's left of it anddivide it up amongst the guys.I mean, it won't be anywhere closeto what you're owed in back pay,but at least it's something.Don't give up. Richard,come on, not yet.We've got to hang on, we'vegot to see what happens.Something will turn around.I know it will.You really believe that? Absolutely.Gilfoyle's right, you're...you're a terrible liar.Um, just, uh, set an all-handsfor tomorrow at 9 a.m.And I'll... I'll tell the gang.It's over, Jared.And lastly, our deal tofurnish Endframe boxesto Maleant Data System Solutionshas officially closed,putting us far ahead ofeven the most optimisticprofit targets issuedby this very board.Gavin, it appears we owe you an apology.We'd like to restore yourfull status as CEO and chairwith a significantly revisedbonus and stock options package.Thank you.Of course, apology accepted.I would like nothing morethan to move forwardin a harmonious and productive manner.Actually, with that in mind,there's something I'd like to show you.It's outside. Is... is that all right?A little field trip, if you will?Just down here.A little farther.We're almost there.Just out here, everyone. Almost there.Consider the elephant.Legend has it its memory isso robust it never forgets.And I assure you, gentlemenof the Hooli board,and lady, neither do I.Okay, guys, uh,we need to have a serious discussionabout the future of the company.What? Why is everyone smiling?Richard, something happened last night.The daily active users are up, way up.- Look at it. Look.- Really?Holy shit!Did we just get 7,000 users in a day?We sure did! We're back!I don't know if it was the outreachor the tutorials, but weseem to be getting traction.Richard, you pulledus out of a nosedive.Of course, inevitably, we will run outof fuel and plummet towards the Earth,leaving only a crater behindof torn flesh and excrement,but in the meantime, we are flying high!Yeah. I guess we are.You know, it's crazy, justlast night I was, uh,telling Jared that I thought weshould shut down the company.Well, perfect timing then, huh?Uh, excuse me. I should get this.Hey, Jared.- Are those numbers legit?- Of course.- All right, then.- This is Jared.So, are we happy?Yeah. Worked out great.So let's keep the 7,000users that I boughtand add another thousanda day for the next week.You got it, buddy.