- (POP MUSIC PLAYING)- (CHATTER)- (KNOCKING ON DOOR)- Holy shit.- Uh...- What the fuck is that?Uh, that is Jared Dunn.He works for Gavin Belson.Hey. Sorry if I scared you.I know I have somewhat ghost-like features.My Uncle used to say,"You look like someonestarved a virgin to death."It's... yeah. I can see it.(BOTH MUMBLE)I heard you were having a launch party.- Yeah.- Am I early?No.Well then, a gift of congratulations.Now, if Gavin sent you here,you should know that I've turned him down.I'm going with Peter Gregory.I'm actually picking up my check tomorrow.So I've made my decision.That's not why I'm here.It's just... (SIGHS)Watching you say no to ten milliondollars to build your own thing,there's just somethingvery exciting about that.Whoa. Whoa, whoa! What is he doing here?Hey, this is a private party, buddy.I'm gonna have to ask you to leave.- Oh, I didn't mean to...- You know, in the state of Californiayou can kill a man for enteringyour house without permission.Ok. I understand. Uh, thank you.Richard, I just wanna say, I reallyrespect what you're doing here.And if you could ever use someone withmy business development skill set,I would love to be a part of this.The fuck you will be.We'll call you when we want pleated khakis.You know this is a fucking domestic?Why... why were you so mean to him?He wasn't spying on us.He just said he likes us.- He wants to join the company.- Of course he does, Richard.Let me explain something to you.Your whole life you've been an ugly chickbut now suddenly you're a hot chick,with big tits and small nipples.So guys like that aregonna keep coming around.Don't be a slut, Richard.- I don't...- (DOORBELL RINGS)Now speaking of such things,Dinesh, change the lightingto something eroticbecause it's about to getpretty fucking erotic in here.License to kill-9. IB action-dot-erotica.Wha... what... What's going on?- What's happening?- Gentlemen, I present to you...Mochacino.Not this guy.Mochacino.She's my gift to you.You wanna smoke weed?(SIGHS)Hey.Can somebody play somethingwith a beat, please?I'll go make a playlist.Yeah. I actually have some...some water, uh, cooking, I think.(SPEAKS FOREIGN LANGUAGE)Yeah, I don't pay for it. So...Barking up the wrong tree here.God, I hate Palo Alto.(HIP HOP MUSIC PLAYS)(SNIFFS, CLEARS THROAT)Hello again.You know, I don't actuallyhave a ton of dance musicbut I turned the bass way up.Baby...you're getting a private show.(EXHALES)Hey.What the fuck?Ok. There's the butt time.Hey, should we have lefthim in there by himself?I mean, should we go back in there?No interest. I entice theflesh, I don't pay for it.Plus, Tara's coming intotown in a couple weeks.I'm saving up all my humors for her.You know what I mean?- What's your excuse?- I didn't even shakea woman's hand until I was 17-years-old.The idea of getting an erectionaround men I live and work with,it's just not something I can handle.The idea that I have aboner and you have a bonerand he has a boner andwe're all sitting therewith boners in our pants...I wonder if he's ok in there.So what do you guys do here?Oh, we're mostly working on alossless compression algorithm.- A what?- It makes files smaller.Doesn't matter. Uh, it's called Pied Piper.It's gonna be famous.You'll know it, eventually.Who was this woman that you shookhands with for the first time?The postman lady.- What?- A woman that was a man?Not a post-man lady.- A lady who was a post...- Let me ask you another question.Who was the second womanyou shook hands with?(BIG HEAD) I didn't evenknow you were coming.- (MOCHACINO) Stop. (YELLS) Doug!- Oh, boy.- Stop.- I don't think I'm the one...Someone is paying me. Ok. I didn't comejust to dance on yourboner all night for free.I was not erect. I... thatwas... I was only being polite.So you were being polite whenyou said that you loved me?First off, I said you seemed likesomeone I could fall in love with.And, yes, also politeness.Richie, pay the lady.What? Why... Why should I pay her?I didn't hire her. I didn'teven get a lap dance.This is a company party and you're the CEO.- So pony up.- No.If anyone should pay her it should be you.Doug, help the CEO find his money.No. No, no. We don't... I don't need help.I know where it is. It's here.- (MOCHACINO) Mm-hmm.- It's all here.Do you... I don't know...Do you accept amex?- You damn right I do.- Put a hundred on there for yourself, Mocha.- Well, that's an expensive boner.- Not a boner.- (SIGHS)- Thanks for coming in, guys.We have a lot to do, so,let's get started.Sounds great.Me? Ok.Uhh...Well, we're just really excitedto get going, Mr. Gregory.Yes. Who's "we"?Myself, him, uh,- the guys back at the house.- Guys?What guys?Who is this?Erlich Bachman. I'm an entrepreneur,much like yourself. Uh...Richard actually developed Pied Piperwhile residing in my Incubator,so as per our agreement, I ownten percent of the company.I'm paying you $200,000 for five percentyet you're giving this man...twice that in exchange for... a futon?And some sandwiches?Actually, sir, my tenantsprovide their own food...What other percentageshave you apportioned?(SIGHS) Can I see your captable, investment deck,business plan or anyother relevant paperworkyou may have prepared?I... I just was under theimpression that, uh...we would just be coming byand saying "hi", you know,uh, to pick up the check.And, uh, I just didn't know thatany of that stuff was due yet.- "Due"?- (SIGHS)This is not college, Richard.I am not going to be givingyou a course syllabus.You turned down ten million dollarsto keep Pied Piper.What did you give up that moneyfor? What is this company?What did I buy?- You bought the algorithm, which...- No.The algorithm is theproduct of the company.I know that.What I'm asking aboutis the company itself.Who is it? What do they do?Are they essential?Or do you just throw a percentageat them like you did with this...This all must be worked out.Now.When you said you'd guide usthrough some of the stuffI thought that this wasthe stuff you'd be guiding us through.I cannot guide you until you give me...something to guide.This is going very poorly.(WHISPERS)I know that.He doesn't seem to know what he's doing.(SLURPS)Did you just take a sip from an empty cup?Yes.Why did you do that?- Just something to do.- Come back in 48 hourswith an airtight business plan,a clear go-to-market strategyand three year summary P&Ior there will be no check.That's it.(MONICA)Well, thanks for coming in, guys.Um... are there any waterfountains in your offices?I assume.I own ten percent of an app thatlocates all nearby water fountains.I'd be happy to discuss it with you.Good day, gentlemen.You smoke weed?You really embarrassed me in there.You didn't say shit about anybusiness plan before today.And neither did he. And he was kindof being an asshole back there.Yeah, that's why he's a billionaire. 'Causehe knows how and when to be an asshole.That's what you need to be like.- You do, Richard.- Whatever.If you continue to mismanage thiscompany giving ten percent to whoever...Obviously, you know, wecan't go back on my shares.That ship has sailed but from here on out.Now you're being an asshole.You say that like it's a bad thing.Richard, if you're not anasshole, it creates this kind ofasshole vacuum and that void isfilled by other assholes, like Jared.I mean, you almost gave him shares.You need to completelychange who you are, Richard.A complete teutonic shift has to happen.Tectonic.What?A "tectonic" shift is theearth's crust moving around."Teutonic", which is what you just said,is an ancient Germanic tribethat fought the Romans.They were originally from Scandinavia...Stop it! Stop it.You're being a complete tool right now.I need you to be a complete asshole.Do you understand the difference?If you're not an asshole,this company dies.Erlich, I have 48 hours.Are you going to help me withthis business plan or not?I believe in you, Richard.That's why I'm not."Business plans that are createdin support of new venturesare to implement profoundchanges in existing venture."Uh...(LINE RINGING)Hi, this is Richard Hendricks.Is now a good time?Uh, I need some help.Who's Chevy Volt is that out front?Uh, Jared Dunn's.What? Why? Why is he here?Well, because as you know, I needsome advice on the business plan.- You're cutting him in?- Um...Good morning. Whoops, that was weird.I don't know why I did that.You kind of have a... Likea king-ish feeling to you.You're like a... Like aNorse hero from Valhalla.Don't pander to me.Peter Gregory saidspecifically to trim the fat.They actually tried to diagnose me with awasting disease because of my slender frame.So, um, I ironed out ourcustomer acquisition strategy,and I wrapped our financials,I did a DCF valuation.Most VC's can't even do that math, butsomething tells me Peter is different.I think we can jump into theone-on-ones with each team member- to see if I can defend our cap table.- Ok.Um, but first, if you don't mind,I'd like to use the restroom.Yeah. You don't have toask permission to do that.Why, have you not gonesince you've been here?I have not.Well... well, go. I mean, go.Denpok, I know you were in Aspen, thankyou for coming. Please, have a seat.I'm not sitting this summer.Of course. Incredible.What's weighing on you, Gavin?Jared Dunn quit today to join Pied Piper.I hate Richard Hendricks,that little Pied Piper prick.Is... is that wrong?In the hands of a lesser person, perhaps.But in the hands of the enlightened,hate can be a tool for great change.You're right once again.(INHALES AND EXHALES DEEPLY)Audious, play John Lennon's "Imagine."(BEEPING)(AUDIOUS) Cueing, John Waynein a mansion. Not found.- Fuck! Fuck!- (AUDIOUS) Invalid command.Use the anger, chela. Use it.(EXHALES DEEPLY)Uh, thanks for sittingdown like this, Gilfoyle.We know it's kind of a little weird.So, um... can you kind of catch me up onwhat you see as your role in the company?What do you do?What do I do?System architecture.Networking and security.No one in this house can touch me on that.Ok, that's good to know.But does anyone appreciate that?While you were busyminoring in gender studiesand singing a capella at Sarah Lawrence,I was gaining root access to NSA servers.I was one click away from startinga second Iranian revolution.I actually went to Vassar.I prevent cross-site scripting,I monitor for DDoS attacks,emergency database rollbacks,and faulty transaction handlings.The Internet... heard of it?Transfers half a petabyteof data every minute.Do you have any idea how that happens?All those YouPorn ones andzeroes streaming directlyto your shitty, littlesmart phone day after day?Every dipshit who shitshis pants if he can't getthe new dubstep Skrillexremix in under 12 seconds?It's not magic, it's talent and sweat.People like me, ensuring your packetsget delivered, un-sniffed. So what do I do?I make sure that one badconfig on one key componentdoesn't bankrupt theentire fucking company.That's what the fuck I do.That's basically what I told him.Listen, wherever we end up here...I just wanna say that I feelI should get more equity than Dinesh.I know Gilfoyle probably came in hereand puked out a bunch of tech specs,three-fourths of whichare total horse-shit.Did he bring up theIranian revolution thing?Yeah, those words mean nothing.But here's a fact: I'm the only oneof these clowns that can code in Java.And I write sleek performantlow-overhead scala codewith higher order functionsthat will run on anything.Period. End of sentence. So basically,I think whatever equity I get,it should reflect that Icontribute more than Gilfoyle.- This is weird.- (CHUCKLES) I know, right? It's...- Everybody's been doing it.- Gilfoyle did this?It's just a formality, to get me caught up.So what makes you of valueto the Pied Piper team?Um... programming.I guess... pretty good at code,develop algorithms... So forth.Different from the type ofalgorithm Richard created?Well, yeah. Like, not as good.Richard's a 10x-er, I'm,like, barely an x-er.- (BOTH CHUCKLING)- I kinda suck.Smoked you. And now...- Don't be a dick.- Mushroom stamp!- You're being a dick.- There you go. Show that to your mom.Mushroom stamp! That's great.Hey, what do you guys think aboutthis Jared? He's shit, right?No, he's pretty sharp.Yeah, he does shit that noone else in the house can do.Yeah, but he's a know it all. I don'tthink there's room in here for him.Well, there will be afterRichard gets rid of Big Head.Wait, Richard's gettingrid of Big Head? Why?Listen, we all love Big Head.But, the truth is he's notas good of a coder as I am,not as good at systemarchitecture as Gilfoyle,not as good at being aprick as you, no offense.He's a lightweight at everything.Brings nothing to the table.Him getting points would be abig "fuck you" to all of us.- But he's a great guy.- Great guy. But useless.Yeah, he is a great guy.Not like that Jared.(SCOFFS)At least we can all agree on that.Yeah, I don't know.Me and Richard have just alwaysbeen in this together, you know?Together, right. But to be clear, Richardcreated the algorithm on his own, yes?Oh, yeah, I had nothing to do with that.- He's my best friend.- That's true.Yes. The camaraderie is quite apparent.But Peter Gregory demanded alean, ruthless business plan.And I don't think that the CEO ofMicrosoft has a paid best friend.- Sergey Brin does. (CHUCKLES) Larry doesn't do shit.- See?What if Big Head is sort of likea floating utility player?Like a jack of all trades.But by his own admission, he'sreally more like a master of none.That's true. That is true.Which is not something you'd generally rewardwith several points in what may some day bea multi-billion dollar company.This will never fly with Peter Gregory.I would not want to be Richard right now.Having to tell Big Head that he's out.This is gonna sound super mean, butthe other night he was sleeping,I was just staring at his face.All I could think was,"He's utterly useless."Big Head is a man with zero purpose.(JARED CLEARS THROAT)- Oh, hi. Hi, Big Head.- Hey.How's it going?It's... super good... Right now.Um, I'm just going to maybego for a bike ride real fastand clear my... head.I'll see... you.- Bike safe.- Yeah, enjoy it.That was nice, guys. He heard everything.That doesn't make it not true.I mean, come on, Richard. Asfar as Pied Piper is concerned,he's as pointless as MassEffect 3's multiple endings.I mean, he's a completely uselessappendage and we all know it.- Oh, hey, man.- Forgot my water bottle.Just gonna grab it, and then probablywalk right back through one more time.I mean, Mass Effect 3? Harsh.I didn't mean for him tohear it but it was true.I mean, we all called him a great guybut he didn't overhear any of that.It's been 12 hours.Goddamn. He's still not answering.(STAMMERING) I'm actuallykind of worried about him.You know, if he's gone,like, really truly gone,in a way that kind of solves your problem.I mean, like, if he's dead...Are you trying to say thatBig Head might be dead?That doesn't help atall. How is that helping?I'm just saying that that's a possiblething that could've happened to him.It could happen to anybody. And in this case,at least something good came out of it.What's the good part?You don't have to havean awkward conversation.That's scary. Should we go look for him?I mean, I agree with these guys.Jared's just not working out.- What?- Um, Richard...I, uh, don't wanna be too assertive herebut I could use your input on afew things for the business plan.Richie, you tried your best just callhim, leave a message, say he's out.No, that's an asshole move.Yeah, remember? You need to be an asshole.I feel bad about saying thatthing about him being dead.That's not who I am.(ALARM BLARING)- Wait, what is that?- That's impossible.NipAlert isn't live yet.Maybe he's demoing it for someone."Mochacino."He rode his bike to San Jose?Jared, can I borrow your car?- Sure.- I have a car.What... What's wrong with my car?I just have... I don't know.All right, well, remember to be an asshole.A real asshole.Hi, I'm Richard Hendricks. You dida dance... The dancing at my house.Your ride's here.Oh, hey, man.- Hey.- Mushroom stamp!No, come on, dude, not...I just wanted to work withcomputers and get paid for it.I didn't want end up fighting withmy roommates over percentage points.So you're just gonna give up?On what? This isn't home.As much as I've tried, it's just not.I mean, what would've I have even doneif I didn't have Mochacino's card?Where would I have gone?It's fucking pathetic.Well, Mochacino seemed to like you.She let you into her apartment.I had to give her my bike. She's justlike everyone else in this goddamn Valley.Watching the bottom line.Fuck it, dude. I'm done here.What about NipAlert?Mochacino shows her tits for a livingand even she was uncomfortable using it.She said it was sexist. She'sright. It's actually perverted.I made a perverted, sexist, useless thing.And, you know, everybody's right, man,there's nothing for me to do on Pied Piper.I think over time, maybe wecould redefine your role.Come on, dude. Unless you can tell meright now what I can do for Pied Piperthat no one else can, I'm gone.Yeah.I'm going to go get thestuff out of my cube at Hooliand then I'm getting thehell out of this town.So this is goodbye then?I mean, I'll see you back at the house,man. I gotta, like, pack and stuff.Totally.I'm going to take the train Ithink, just... Do some thinking...Ok, all right, see ya.- The train is this way... I just...- Oh. I was gonna say.Big Head...Whatever shit you're about to dump on my head,you can save it, ok? I'm not in the mood.Dude, I just wanted to tell you that GavinBelson wants to talk to you about something.- Oh, ok. Fuck you.- No. Seriously.Gavin Belson said he wantsto speak to Nelson Bighetti?Yeah, that's what I just said.Come on.Ok.I'm awake! I'm awake.- What?- No, no, I wasn't.I was sleeping. I'm sorry forsleeping and for lying about it.For both. No good.What happened? Did you fire Big Head?Uh, no. Not yet. I don't know. Sort of.So do I include him in the cap tableor not? It's basically good to go.Uh... no, he's out. Uh,wait... I don't know.Actually, I just need to closemy eyes for a little bit. Ok?Richard, it's t-minus fourhours until presentation time.Are you gonna fire Big Head or not?I don't know. Uh... I'm just very tired.Ok? I'm just gonna go get some water...Richard, stop being a fuckingpussy and start being an asshole.(DOOR OPENS)Fine! You want me to be anasshole, I'll be an asshole.I'll be an asshole to you and you andyou and you and Peter-fucking-Gregory!Ok? Fuck all of you. Big Head stays!You know, if I wanted to be a sellout I'd have done that already.I'd be on a beach somewhere withten million dollars in my pocket.Not in my pocket, in a bank account.Ok? This is my company. It wasmy idea and we do what I say.And what I say is, Jared, putBig Head in the business plan.He gets the same amount ofshares as everybody else.Big Head, you're not going home, man.You're right. I'm not.Gavin Belson just offeredme a huge promotionfor 600 grand a year tosteal me away from you guys.- What?- Yeah. For revenge. Because you took Jared.So you're like the V.P. of spite?But you have to do me a favor, Richard,if you run into Gavin ever you have toact really upset about it, you know?Oh, but I am upset.Ok? What the fuck? I kind of justwent out on a limb for you here, man.Sorry, man, but this is huge for me.I'm going to move out, get my own place.In light of this new information,who gets Big Head's equity?Should I get half of his shares...?I do. I get it.Ok? I get all of it!Big Head, man, congratulationson the job, really.But if you'll excuse me, I have to golock down a motherfucking business plan.Jared, you're with me.- What an asshole.- Yeah. What an asshole.Next.- Hi. Deposit?- Mmm-hmm.Two hundred thousanddollars from Peter Gregory?Mmm-hmm.- Wow.- (PHONE RINGING)Sorry.Hello?Dude, they're taking your code apart.What?Did you give those brogrammer guysaccess to a player download or something?Oh shit. They probably hacked the prototypeand decompiled the compression library...Well, they've got it now, man.They're gonna reverse-engineer a versionas close as they can without getting sued.(RICHARD) Wait, wait,are you sure about this?(BIG HEAD) Yeah, dude, Gavinwants to beat you to market.He wants to make sure no other investorin the Valley offers you a dime.(EXHALES)That is not good.They're calling it Nucleus,whatever the fuck that means.Shit. Sorry, dude, I can't betalking to you like this. Later.Yeah."Nucleus"?Excuse me. This check is madeout to "Pied Piper Incorporated."Do you have an SS-4?A what?Is "Pied Piper" a corporationregistered with the IRS?I can't deposit thatinto a personal account.(STAMMERING)I don't know.Um... is that somethingmaybe you could help me with?No, sir.Buddy, come on.Uh-huh. Yeah, yeah.- Thank you.- Sorry. Ok.Next.(HIP HOP MUSIC PLAYS)