Kidney function, liver function,testosterone...I don't know how you did it,but you have essentially aged 40 yearsin the last seven weeks.Wow. Really?We had a meth addict in here this morningwho was biologically youngerthan you are, and he's 58.MySpace guy.So what is going on?Uh...it's this cloud service configuration,- I've been stuck on it for over a week.- Wow.I'm a good programmer.I mean, it's the only thing I am good at.I mean, last year,I threw a Frisbee and I chipped my tooth.Oh, that's more of a dental issue.Yup, okay, I...The point is, I learned Ruby on Railsover a weekend when I was 17.I should be able to learn cloud, I have to.May I give you my professional opinion,as your doctor?You should have taken that $10 millionfrom Gavin Belson, okay?But regrets will kill ya,so try not to dwell on it.I tried to tell you.Outside help?No, we're not getting any outside help.It's a week until TechCrunch, Richard.We can't wait any longer.Richard, look at the board.Okay, cloud architecture is just a giantturd that is clogging up our pipes.We have to call in a plumber to fix it.Okay, I hate that metaphor,but Erlich is right.Gilfoyle and I finishedthe distribution services days agoand we're just sittingaround waiting for you.- I can solve it.- Richard, you're a fucking rock star, okay?You just don't know cloud,this tiny, little, shitty area,which is becoming super important,and in many ways is thefuture of computing.That sort of went south on me,but you understand what I'm saying.I've already talked to Peter Gregoryabout insourcing a consultant.I've made contact with a programmerwhose cloud architectureis supposed to be insane.They call him The Carver.The Carver?That Black Hat guy who apparently hackedinto the Bank of Americaand took down their entire system,that The Carver?We should get him if we can.Okay, we can talk to the guy, but, Imean, he's really gonna have to sell me.Six months ago,these guys had $35 millionand Series B financing.Now The Carver's here doing teardown.He's basically moving their carcassto the cloud.Don't touch anything.Failure is contagious.I think that's him.Excuse me, Mr. Carver?Yeah, uh, people refer to meas The Carver,but no one actually calls me that.It's, uh, what people call a screen name.You know. I'm Kevin.Okay, Kevin, um, we're from Pied Piper,we spoke earlier.- Yeah, so you guys are fucked, huh?- No. No, we're not fucked.Yes, we are totally fucked.We have a live demo in one weekand our cloud is in the shitter.- That's accurate.- Wait, are you Richard?Yes, I am.Yeah, your, uh, algorithm is solid.It's a really good schema.Okay, thanks.I did think you'd be younger.What are you, 25?I'm 26.Yikes.Uh, so I have a Model UN thing on Monday,but maybe I could burn through your gigover the weekend.Mmm. You think you can do our whole jobin two days?I know I can do it in two days.I pound Mello Yello, Oreos and Adderalland I don't sleep until I'm done.- Okay.But you know what? I also have an offerto do some migration at Gittawonkthis weekend.It's, uh... it's kind of chill, andfrankly, their tech's a little stronger.Whoa. What? What?You think Gittawonk's techis stronger than ours?I'm sorry, I don't remember readingin PandoDailythat Gavin Belson and Peter Gregorywere fighting over Gittawonk.No one offered $10 millionto acquire Gittawonk.Yeah, I agree with Richard,you should come work for us.- What... No...- What's it gonna take, a blow-job?Because Richard will suck thedick right off of your pelvis.Now, you make me laugh, shaggy man.All right, I'm in. I'llsee you guys Friday.Okay.- Well done.- Yeah.Excuse me.Hi, um, would you guys be interestedin buying some candy so you cansend my church group to camp?Nope.Erlich, come on.$100 says there's no church.Whole thing's a scam, little scumbags.They're just children.Looks like Gilfoyle and his lady Satanistare back from the airport.Can you imagine what kindof shit-show this one's gonna be?He says that she has an Amy Winehouse vibe.What does that mean?All tatted-up and nowhere to go?- Hooked on OxyContin?- Decomposing?Oh. Oh, okay, that was dark.Gentlemen, this is Tara.- Hey.- Tara, this is the fellas.Jared, Dinesh,Erlich and Richard.- It's Erlich.- Oh, it's great to finally meet you guys.Hi.- All right.Hmm.Jesus, where did heget Amy Winehouse from?I mean, I'd have sex with thatif you hose the Gilfoyle off of her.It's weird having a girl in the house.There's a very strange energy.Hmm.Hello... Kevin.Okay, Richard,I just need you to approve Kevin's fee.I got Erlich to signand you just sign right there.$20,000 for two days.You know who else thoughtmy price was too high?- BitRaptor.- Who?Exactly.Great. Peter Gregory is on his way outof town so I'm gonna hustle out thereand get him to co-sign theseand the check,and I'll be back as soon as I can.- Well, go.- Thank you.You okay over there?You have any questions...Yeah, one question.Cool. Shoot.Why do you keep your lipspressed so tight togetherwhen you're not talking?'Cause they're like white.It looks uncomfortable.Hey, guys.Hey, Kevin, um,so how did you bypassBank of America's network security?I want details.My lawyers told meI'm not allowed to discuss it.Totally get it. That's baller.- Hey, babe? You're up.- Hmm.- All right, I'm gonna go have a shower.Mmm-hmm.- Uh, what was that?- What?Tara just whispered something to youand then she looked at me in a weird way.No, she didn't.Yeah, she did.What's up?Do you know what compersion is?It's when someone takes pleasurein seeing their loved one gratifiedby another person.Sexually. it's the opposite of jealousy.It sounds like it's the opposite of normal.Why are you telling me about this thing?As shocking as this is...Tara is attracted to you.Come again?Yeah, freaked me out, too, at first.I don't like the "at first" part at all.What are you saying?Since I abide by the maxim,"Do what thou wilt,that is the whole of the law,"if you want to fuck my girlfriend,I'm okay with it.Jesus Christ, man, I could barely standnext to you when you're in your towel.I don't want to have a threesome with you.I'm not talking about a threesome.Listen, I don't even have to be in theroom, unless that's better for you.Okay, no, I don't...Right, so we're all settled then?- Yep.- Do you need parking validation?No, I, uh, used Lyft.So I'll Lyft it back.Why don't I have Peter's car take you home?He's not using it,we're shipping off to Arallon tomorrow.- Arallon?- Yeah, the island Peter's building.What's the... The red line?That's the international Date Line.The island's built right on itso the western half can celebratethe first New Year's on Earth,then the next day,they walk over to the eastern halfand celebrate the last New Year's on Earth.But if you can walk,why does he need the car on the island?Peter's not really big on walking.So I'll just have the guyspull it up front for you.Great.Driverless car.Select destination.Hi, um... I'm going to 5230Newell Road, Palo Alto...- Route guidance calibrated.- 4.6 miles.Buckle up, please....Okay.Enjoy your ride.You?Tara wants to have sex with you? You sure?Yeah, Gilfoyle just told me, to my face.He told you that Tara wants to copulatewith someone else in the houseother than himand that someone is you, Dinesh?Yeah, that's...You know, you seem confused by thisbut for a different reason than I am.Don't you think it's weirdthat Tara wants some strangeand she chooses you over me,the logical person in the house?Okay, I see where we are ending up on this.Thank you for your time.Wait, are you sure thatshe didn't ask Gilfoylefor a Danish and maybe you misheard her?You're probably right,she just wanted to fuck a Danish.Wait, you just built allthe indexes on the fly?Yeah, of course.Okay, well... Well, then what's that?The key value store.Tuples.Speak English?You're kind of doing thatlip thing again there, buddy.No, I'm not.Stop looking at my lips.Destination override. New destination.1 Gregory Drive. Arallon.4,126 miles.Enjoyyourride.Um, what's happening?Uh...I'm sorry, what... Mr. Car?Hey. Tara and I are goingto a Satanic baptism.You wanna come?Stu Burns decided to walkthe left-hand path with us.The database administrator for Yahoois becoming a Satanist?We're everywhere.Hey, Erlich, are you coming? Dinesh is.He is?...This is Monica.Hi, Monica, it's Jared.Uh, quick question...Jared, I can't talk right now.One of our assistantshas been confusing the eastern,western time zonesofArallon on work orders.Now a bunch of important thingsare happening a day early.Peter is going to be furiouswhen he finds out.- He's going to make that noise.Oh, shit, that's him on the other line.I've gotta go.Oh, wait, Monica, I just...Hi, Peter.Hello, Monica?Um, car? Mr. Car?Uh, excuse me.Arallon is an island, so how are we, um...Oh, no, no! No, no, no, no.Stop. Let me out.Um...Mmm. Um...Uh, that's not good.Oh, no! No!Excuse me, please!- Please honk. Please honk.No, no, no, no. No, no, no.No, no. Please. Please.Oh, no, that's not good.Okay, Donald, stay calm.103 hours to destination.Entering sleep mode.- What? No!- Enjoy your ride.Okay, stay calm. Stay calm.Wait, my phone.No bars. No bars. No bars. No bars."We bring thy garden, o mighty Lucifer,"the fragrances which aboundtherein, vapors of..."What the fuck are we doing here?Look at these fucking people."...through this, the black flameof Satan thou walkest in Hell."The gates are flung wide"and thy passage is heraldedby the deathless cries"of his guardian beasts."Breathe of his breath,o brother of the night"and nourish his waning brain.- "From the despair..."- I just figured it out.It all makes sense.Figured what out?Why Tara might be into you more than me.She's attracted to ugliness.- Oh, fuck you.- No, think about it.This is the life that she chooses, right?She's attracted to unattractiveness.Look at all these ugly peopleand Gilfoyle and now you.That's ridiculous.I'm way more attractive than you are.- No, you're not.- Way better looking.By no metric could you possiblybe considered more attractive than me.You're saying that every womanin the entire worldwould think you're moreattractive than I am?- Yes. Unless they're completely fucked up.- That's fuck...Damn it.You doing okay there?Yep, yeah.Fine, just, you know,it's big orchestration stuff,a lot of moving parts.Nothing you need to worry about.You just focus on the cloud.I'm here if you need me.You know what? Uh...I know it's not what we hired you for,but I am actually having a little troublewith the data replicationin the persistence layer.Move over.- Uh-huh.Oh, Christ.- I'm much more handsome than you are.- No, my face is completely symmetrical.You know what my nicknamewas when I was a kid?- What?- Pakistani Denzel.You look nothing like him.Denzel Washington has a beautiful smile.You look ridiculous.Hail Satan, it is done.- Hail Satan.- Hail Satan, it is...it's done.Well, thanks for coming, everyone.Brother Jason was kind enoughto furnish this week's food.It's Chick-fil-A.I know, they're on the Christian right,but darned if that chicken isn't good.- I think the Dark Lord would understand.- Also... Ugh. A reminder.If you parked in the Sav-On parking lot,they do tow.Well, I didn't know if you wantedoriginal Oreos or Double Stufso I went a little nutty and I got both.How's it, um...- Fuck. Fuck.- Kevin?Hello?Fuck.What are you doing down here?I did it again, I did it again.- Did what?- I did it again.No.What is this?Did you overwrite the data schema?Why would you do this?You don't ever do this!That's exactly what they saidwhen I was working at BofA.Working at BofA? I thought you hacked in.No.I was a consultantat the retail banking services.I crashed their entire system.It took a team of seven engineersmore than a weekto comb through all the codeand find my mistake.And the only way thatI ever avoided being suedwas by agreeing to never tell anyonethat I worked there.Oh, fuck.Oh, fuck, what?I just told you. Now Icould get in trouble.Trouble?You just skull-fucked my whole system.I am going to punch you in the fucking...We don't like sacrifice goats or anything.We're not likethe Order of the Golden Dawners, you know.- Yeah.Richard, are you okay?Um... Mmm...Dinesh, uh, we may have a slight problem.The Carverjust carvedup our entire platform.What the fuck?Yeah, the database layers,the application layers,even the chef scripts are fucked.The little fucker must have hackedinto the DDL tables like he did with BofA.He didn't hack into BofA.He was consulting there at the time,when he took down the system by accident.- Oh, you told them too?- What the fuck?Richard, why would you let thatlittle fetus access the DDL?Because I thoughtthat fetus was better than meand so did you and everybodyand you just, you pressured meinto hiring him...Yes, Richard, for the cloud,to deploy the cloud.So that you could do what you do bestand concentrate on everything elsewhich the fetus just fucked up.You need to drag this little shit stain...You hear that?...out from under this tableand have him go throughevery single line of code with youto unfuck it while it's still unfuckable.I should not have eatenall of that Satanist chicken.Okay, and with this one here,did you delete itor just move it?Hello? Kevin.Maybe. I don't know.What? What does that mean?What's wrong with you, man?I can't focus. I'm out ofAdderall.Where's that Jared guy?He was getting my refill.That's actually a really good question.I don't know where he is.The Carver's Adderall prescription.I hope that's not a problem....Dead battery.That's a problem.I need to lay down.What? No!You said you could codefor 48 hours straight.That's like your thing.Yeah, how the fuck do you think I do that?Adderall.Well, we don't have any.It's really bright in here.Who takes Adderall anymore?Half the kids in Palo Alto.Hey.Any of you guys currently on Adderalland, uh, you know, want to make $50?Oh, boy.What do you mean, it's not Adderall?It's Adderall!I know what Adderall looks like.It's not Adderall.Uh...Excuse me. Caleb?There's been some kind of mistake.What you sold me was not actually Adderall.So maybe we could...Do you think you could get mesome real Adderall?Yeah, yeah, of course.Um...I could do that or, um...I can give you some of this.- Ow!Okay, I'm gonna...You're gonna do what, bitch?Call the cops on me?Tell them you got the wrongillegal drugs from a kid?You dumb piece of shit.Get the fuck out of here.- Uh, you...- Run!- All right, I'm running.- Keep running!Stupid...Richard, what's wrong?Have you been crying?Hey! Which one was it?It was Church Candy, wasn't it?You just brought piss to a shit fight,you little cunt!Ow!No, no, no!Now you get in your fucking houseand you get me five Adderallor I'll slit your fucking throat!You understand?I'll kill your mother!I'll rape your father!I'll curb-stomp that little face so hardthat your teeth will goflying, you little shit!Now go! Go! Go! Go!- Get me five Adderall, right now!- Okay! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!- Hi.- Tara.- Hello.- Hi.First of all...So, um...I have thought about it. A lot.To be honest, elements of this arrangementstill trouble me.However, I have not hada lot of sexual experiences.So I feel it may be foolishto turn this down.So as long as Gilfoyle is not in the roomand I can verify that the door is lockedthen I have concluded that,yes,I would love to havesexual relations with you,Tara.Yeah.Uh, what are you talking about?Gilfoyle told me.I know you want to have sex with me.Gilfoyle?Would you come in here for a second?Um...Um...Did you tell Dinesh thatI want to have sex with him?No.Oh, wait, yeah, I totally did.I forgot about that.I was really high. I wasjust fucking with him.Did he believe me?Uh...Did you just present yourself to my woman?Uh...Oh, this is outstanding.Oh, my God, that is so mean of you!Look at how cute he is.He's adorable. You're adorable.Don't call me... it's very emasculating.What kind of fucking idiotlistens to what Gilfoyle has to say?Okay, Tara, here's what it is.If you can tell me to my facethat you seriously find Dineshmore attractive than me,then and only then will I concede defeat.What?And our regression test is......Done.Yes. it's clear, we all test out.- The system's stable again.- Thank God.Now we can move on to the next moduleand I can forget you ever existed.Can you do me a favor?Don't tell anyone I cratered this bad.I won't tell anyone I hired youif you won't tell anyone you worked here.Oh, the BofA deal. Got it.Well, I'm gonna call my momand have her pick me up.Your mom?Oh, by the way, you owe me $20,000.What a dick.You have to talk to Jared about that.Where is Jared?Excuse me. Can you help me?Obstacle averted.Resuming operations.Please be careful.- Please be careful.- Please be careful.Okay.