The core compression algorithm is optimal.All the test cases ran optimal.The Weissman Score is optimal.Looks like Nucleus is optimal.Good. Good.Congratulations, guys.- Oh, yeah.- A dunk.Richard, the ingestion engine is readyfor testing. Have you seen Richard?He's in there, having a little troublewith his personal ingestion engine.Still? It's been an hour.He's gotta get this done.Oh, he's got his laptop in there,on top of his lap.Hey, Richard.RICHARD: Don't talk to me whileI'm in the bathroom please.Well, snap it off, we gotta go.RICHARD: I know.Just don't talk to me while I'm in here.It's weird.Oh, my God.Jared's been back from that islandfor a whole dayand he didn't get any toilet paper?Are you serious? ls Jared out there?I thought you didn't want me to talk to youwhile you were in the bathroom.Make up your mind.RICHARD: You know what?Just get away from the door, please.ERLICH: Friday, the pool cleaner comes.- Do you understand?- Yes.And tomorrow is trash dayso make sure all the cans are out front.Yes.Now, you are under no circumstancesto order any movie on demand,adult or otherwise.Yes.Okay, has anything that I'vejust said confused you?- Yes.- God damn it!Jesus, Cher.Are you bringing your whole closet?I'm a pro, Dinesh. Iwon't apologize for it.I dress according to the moodsthat I sense in the room.As such, I must have options.We all packed and ready to go?ERLICH: We can take my carbut gas is on the company.(DOOR CLOSES)RICHARD: Hello? Did everyone leave?No.RICHARD: What? Oh.Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa...(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)GILFOYLE: I don't knowhow you read your screen in the car.It makes me sick as a dog.RICHARD: I'm okayas long as I don't think about it.Besides, the presentation is tomorrow.GILFOYLE: So if you just don't thinkabout it, it really doesn't bother youto be staring at the screenwhen the car's moving- and turning and you're all queasy...- Oh, God! (VOMITING)- ERLICH: Gilfoyle.- (COUGHING)GILFOYLE: See, I knew it bothered you.Fucking liar.(RICHARD RETCHING)JARED: So I'm a little behind,being stuck on that island for four days,but I think I'm on top of everything.Okay, uh, give me your IDsand I'll go register us...There you are.Got your credentials and wristbandsfor the walk through at 4:00 today.Uh, walk through?Yeah, basically,it's a sound check for the competition.Uh, yeah, we didn't know about that.Did I not tell you about the walk through?I am so sorry.Uh, that's why I'm here. Peter's on safariwith Lorne Michaels and Kanye Westuntil next weekso, I can put all of myattention on you guys for once.I am so sorry. I thought that I talkedto you guys about the walk...Gentlemen, welcome to the big show.TechCrunch motherfucking Disrupt.Okay, guys,this place is a vortex of distraction.Normally the tech world is 2% women.Guys, these next three days, 15%.It's a goddamn meat market.MONICA: I need you to focus.How we do here is the entire futureof your company.Don't screw it all up now.We have to knock them deadin the preliminaries tomorrowso we can move on to the finals on Friday.I have a question. The program saysthat Dan Melcher is judging our round.Is there any way to get him removed?Not unless there's a conflict of interest.Well, there may be. I did havesexual intercourse with his wife.What? It was three years ago.So one of the guys judging uswants to fucking kill you?Maybe. I don't know if he found out.Either way, Richard, you may have topresent instead of me so be prepared.What, me? Present? No.We may be fine. We may be totally fine.We also may be totally fucked.I'll let you know either way.I'm gonna go network. Don't approach me.I don't want to present.Besides, I'm not even done with the demo.Okay, Richard, you need to goto the hotel right now and finish.- You already checked us into the hotel?- Yeah. Yeah.RICHARD: Okay, uh,I'm gonna do this module by module.Dinesh, you built the edge video playerso I'm gonna start with you first, okay?Okay, you guys set up the booth, okay?Um, I think it's this way.You think?- A few flyers, that's all we have?- (HELICOPTER WHIRRING)Yeah, I think it is.AUTOMATED VOICE:Hello, what's your name?Oh, wow, Microdrone. They justclosed $17 million in seed funding.(CLATTERING)Hi. Hello. Excuse me.Pied Piper? You guys are competingin the Startup Battlefield, right?Everyone has been talkingabout your compression rate.I mean, it is supposed to be sick.Yeah.Anyway, you must be great with Javaand I just cannot seemto figure out this stupid bug. Do you mind?I'll be back.Thank you.If we integrate one module every two hourswe should be in great shape...Richard, follow me.(WHISPERING) Follow me. Follow me.- All right. See you at the hotel.- See you.DINESH: Very soon, I hope.Hey, man. Just wanted to say good luck.Okay, thanks. But what's with all the...Sorry. I just can't be seen talking to you,you know?Hooli people all over the place.I don't know, man, I'm just really intothis whole rest and vest life, you know,- way more than I thought I would be.- Mmm.I just don't want to rock the boat.Oh, hey, did I tell you?I'm getting a boat.- Wow.- And a boat guy to take care of it.You have to have a boat guy.Wow, yeah, you've gotta have a boat guy...(CHUCKLES AWKWARDLY) If you have a boat.Hey, um, you know that girl, right?Sherry, I think her name was.She said you guys went to school together.Uh, okay, yeah.I saw her at the Valleywagparty last night,which was crazy, by the way. Dude, theremust've been like 12 girls there.- Holy shit. (CHUCKLES)- Nuts.Anyway, um, she said you guyswent out a couple timesand then, uh, she dumped youand you became obsessed with her?What? What? She said I was obsessed?She said obsessed.Uh, that's bullshit,'cause I think we went out two times.Eh, it was nothing.So, how could I be obsessed? That's...No, you're going down!Nucleus is gonna crush Wide Diaper.You never should've said noto my man, Gavin Belson.Okay.(MOUTHING)Seeded quite a few new companies.Spinder. It's like Tinderbut for spinsters.Elderly women looking for sex.(MOUTHING)There's this girl who's walking around,saying that I'm obsessed with her.Now, that just really pisses me off.That's fascinating.Let's just forget about it, okay?Yeah.I mean it's... it's justso fucked up, right?I mean, I barely remember her.And it's just so insulting to have someonewalking around spreading lies about you.Right? I wonder who she's working with.Like I wonder who she's here withbecause if she's telling her coworkers,then that's a whole 'nothergroup of people I gotta worry about.Richard, you don't haveto worry about anything- except for Pied Piper right now.- Yeah, I know.We have less than 24hours till the preliminaries.- No one's worrying, that's the thing. Perfect.- Perfect.Okay, her.She used the word "obsessed," Dinesh.- "Obsessed."- Richard, I don't care.Neither do I. That's the entire point.(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)I'm just gonna check herlnstagram real quick.Because if she's postingcomments about me being obsessed...- I mean, I can't just ignore that.- (SIGHING DEEPLY)Would you be interested in a devicethat links to your smartphoneand lets you know, even before it happens,whether you're having a panic attack- or a heart attack?- Yeah, yeah.Okay, here's how Panic-a-Tech works.You wear this on your finger all dayand it tracks your vitals.Or if that's too embarrassing,there's also a Bluetooth suppositoryand that goes right where you think it goes.And that comes with a retrieval kit.Was he like, "Bro, you're my bro,"or was he like, "I wanna shoot you in the faceand watch you bleed out all over the stage"'cause you fucked my wife, you cocksuck?"Right in the middle. It was like...Huh.What happened? How's it going at the hotel?Weird. He switched to meta-data extractionand now wants to see you.Meta-data? Already? Makes no sense.DINESH: He seems very distracted.Okay, guys, urn, since we're kind ofplaying from behind hereI put together a little secret weapon.I, um... I went through the entire listof conference participantsand I found images and I found biosand I printed them outso we have them all in one place.- Why did you do that?- Uh, okay.Who's this guy? Watch. He is...(PHONE BEEPS)Rick Smith, co-founderof Crosscut Ventures.How did you...ID-Keen. It's this facial recognition appthat Monica put on our phones.You just point it at anybody,tells you who they areand how important theyare to the conference.(PHONES BEEPING)(SCOFFS) You're not showing up at all.Yeah, maybe I'm not getting a...No, I'm getting a signal.Okay. Um, well...Ooh, Jared, Jared, uh,recycling's over there.Hey, so what's the deal?Does the judge know or not?I don't know, Monica. He's toying with me.Or maybe he's not.I can't fucking figure it out.MONICA: Erlich, you need to stop this.His wife is here.Grow a pair and talk toher, find out for sure.Why don't you grow a pairand I'll talk to her?Hmm.What?Hey-Do you happen to know Java?Are you kidding? It's like my specialty.Will you help me?Oh, it would be my honor.(DOOR OPENING)Yes?Oh, sorry. Um, I must nothave the right room.- I'm looking for Dan Melcher.- Yeah, that's us.Oh, it is? Okay.I was looking to speak with his wife.That's me. I'm, well, his newwife, we just got married.Oh, congratulations.Uh, what happened with Madelyn?- You're a friend of Dan's?- Yeah.We've... We have a common interest...- Uh, many common interests.- Yeah.Well, she was a nightmare.Pills, in and out of rehab.Had all of these disgusting affairs.You know, the divorce nearly killed Dan.Really? Disgusting affairs.Well, I... I feel terrible.No, it's fine. He's put it behind him.All Of it?- I mean, every aspect of it?- Mmm-hmm.Well, that is... That is great to hear.RICHARD: What if she's spreading this lieto everyone at this conference?I mean, honestly, Gilfoyle...Richard, stop talking about thisor I have to punch you in the face.Fuck. it is huge.- Uh..."Very, very huge.Check, one-two, two,tsetse fly, tsetse fly.Hey, how's the demo coming?Um, we're getting there. (SIGHS)Uh, definitely... Getting there.Gentlemen, I bring good tidings.Turns out that Melcheris divorced, remarriedand has put the previous relationshipbehind him completely.Problem solved.That's great.It sure is, Richard, it sure as hell is.(CHUCKLES)Look at these poor fuckers. They don'teven know what's about to hit 'em.The hammer of God.I am so sorry! I am so sorry.I thought you guys were gonna come get meand... (STAMMERING) And I'm sorry.- Wait, Jared, what are you doing here?- What?- Who's watching the booth?- Yeah.- I thought that maybe Monica could...- MONICA: Ooh.She's not in the company.We need her here. That's the thing.All right, everybody, uh, this run-throughis for essential personnel only,essential only.Oh.- We need someone in the booth is the thing.- Right.You're essential to the booth.JARED: Right.All right, each team will havesix minutes for presentation and demo,at which point the judgeswill ask a few questions...Uh, do you mind if I break in here,just one question.Uh, are the judges allowedto send us throughto the finals immediately after we presentor do we have to waituntil everyone else has gone?Well, I'm just sayingwhat everybody's thinking.AUTOMATED VOICE:Hello, what's your name?- Uh, excuse me, no thank you.- ...a free video of you- at TechCrunch Disrupt.- Uh, no thank you.Nathan. Are you Nathan Zimmerman,CEO of Flingual?I... I... Whoever's doingthis, no thank you.Yeah, I think we got a dead zone,an audio dead zone right here.Listen to this.Hear that? Compared to...Okay, here's what I want,as soon as the music comes up...MAN: Music?I want you to hit me with a spotlight, barn!And a hard spot.Better yet, do you havethose spotlights that...(MAKES DRONING NOISE)...come up from the ground,like in Pride Fighting.I can check.Okay, so two of those, one on each sideand then one in the centerso that it casts my shadow behind me,like a giant looking over his own shoulder.- Do you have any wind machines.- (HUMMING)ERLICH: I'm gonna need two of those...Are you humming to yourself?Was I?Uh...You know, honestly,I may have found the perfect woman.Whoa. What? Who? Who?She's in the booth rightnext to us, Charlotte.She's not even physically my type,she has blonde hairand these stupid pink streaksthat doesn't seem to be dominant at all.However, I think I'm in love.Whoa! (CHUCKLES)She invited me to her roomto watch Cloud Atlas later tonight.Oh, yeah,that means she wants you to lay her.Is that definitive?I mean, nobody can watch morethan like a minute of that film.So what's the deal? I mean, is she hot?Yeah, I mean, she's attractive,but almost every woman is attractive.It was her mind.She wrote this Java method that was the mostbeautiful thing I've ever seen in my life.Elegant, tight.There's just something so hotabout a woman that can code like that.You know, I just want to- crawl in her frontal lobe and...- (SNICKERING)What's up?You know I wrote that code, right?No, this code was on her system.A banged up 15-inch MacBook Prowith shitty stickers on it?Everyone here has a beat up15-inch MacBook Pro...With a 1.3 chip and only two gigs of RAM?She doesn't know Java. I wrote that code.- You said you were in love with her mind.- Oh, fuck.You realize what's going on, right?It's not her you're sexually attracted to,it's my code.Shut the... That is the mostdisgusting fucking thing I've ever heard.Just face it, Dinesh,you're gay for my code, you're code gay.No! No, I'm into her.Her, okay? Fuck your code!You'd like to fuck my code, wouldn't you?Hey, would you like to masturbateto the subroutine I just wrote?No! It's... I'm... I'm...And then I'll sort of closeright here in the centerwith a confidence and poise that, well,they probably won't have seenup until this point.And then at that point we've got some photosthat we're gonna throw up on the big screen.- Photos?- Yeah, you know, just a few.Gandhi, MLK, me as an inquisitive child.Richard, could you please?Oh, yes, sorry. I'll just plug it in here.(COMPUTER CHIMES)No! Don't!- Don't!- RICHARD: Oh, shit...SHERRY: Oh, what the fuck?RICHARD: Shit.Oh, she's here.Mmm.- (KEYS BEEPING)- Oh, shit, it's frozen. It's frozen.ERLICH: That is not me, obviously.He's obsessed with me. I'm sorry.(OMINOUS MUSIC ON TV)Hey, what's wrong?I'm just a little nervous'cause you're so beautiful.Oh?Random question...So you didn't write any of that Java code?Uh-uh.But I write all of our tweets and wehave like a couple hundred followers.Couple hundred's pretty.Oh, let me move this.Oh, that's the code your, uh, friend wrote.- Yeah, it is.- It's really good, huh?It's fine. I don't care about it.Mmm, there we go.On, fuck. (GASPS)RICHARD: Come on, focus, focus.(EXHALES)(PHONE BEEPS)Richard's not gonna finish, is he?He'll finish, Gilfoyle, he has to.Are you okay?Yeah, I'm fine.I knew it. You couldn't do it.Please shut up. Shut up.Why is it that every timeI'm about to have sex with a lady,he's all up in there somehow?Finally, just us. (CHUCKLES)Guys, this round is on me.Hey, Jared. There you guys go.- To Pied Piper. Hmm?- To Pied Piper.Hear, hear.- Yeah, drink it up.- (GROANS)- Mmm.- But it's not gonna change who you are.Monica, can I speak to you for a minute?Yeah.- RICHARD: No, Sherry, it has to be now!- Oh, shit.Okay, look, we need to talk.You keep telling peopleI'm obsessed with you.Richard, why don't youjust take a step back...It's not true... No, no, no, let me finish.Okay, did I put your picture up on thebig screen in the auditorium? Yes.But that's becauseI was showing you to my friendsto prove a point thatI'm not obsessed with you.- Richard, I'm gonna go now.- No, I'm not obsessed with you, Sherry!I'm...I'm not.That guy Richard I was telling you aboutjust totally freaked out on me.Yeah, the obsessed guy.- Where are you?- JARED: You've been doing this ever since- we arrived at the conference.- Which elevators?You really think that you can come betweenme and Richard Hendricks?We're partners, okay,and I've devoted every secondof my waking life for the pasttwo months to him, okay?I am devoted to him and to the preciousthing that we're building together!I'm his partner. I cantell when he's vomiting...- Uh, what? No.- JARED: because he's nervous...- Never mind, Kate, I'm fine.- ...or when he's vomiting because he's sickor when he's vomitingbecause he had cilantro, which he lovesbut he shouldn't havebecause it makes him...I had no idea that you felt this way.I mean it, I am so sorry.I mean, I'm obsessed with her...Richard, can I talk to you for a second?Uh, okay.I owe you an apology. I was way off base.Well, yeah, you were.He cleared it all up for me.- RICHARD: Jared? Really?- Yeah. He's your partner, right?Yeah, he is. One of many. (SIGHS)Probably too many.How could I not have seen this?Obviously you're not obsessed with me.Richard, it's none of my business,but be safe.- Okay?- Okay.Of course I'm safe. I backup mywhole system like five times a day.So... Uh, Jared, hey,thank you.- For what?- Uh, you know, everything.I feel like we don't appreciate you enough,so thank you.(GASPS)Are you... Are you crying?-(SOBS)Uh, don't do that. Don't cry.Oh, shit. I gotta get back to work.I... I need to focus here.We should all go.All right, I'm taking care of this one.But when we win this fuckin' thing,Richard, you're buying the next round.Yeah.Oh, no.We're with the conference,is there any sort of discount?- Kind of break you can...- Mmm-mmm.No. All right.- Hello, again.- Oh, hi.You know, that was really sweet of youto be so concerned about Dan.He really has been through hell.Well, it's the least I could do.So how did you know Madelyn again?(EXHALES) Oh, uh, long story.Yeah?I have to admit, I'm curious.You know what, keep it open.(EXHALES DEEPLY)Have you ever cared too much?People, are you ready?Are you readyfor the ultimate tech startup competition?Let me hear it.Disrupt!- (MILD CHEERING)- MAN: Disrupt.Hello. My name is Saeed Jobrani.I am the CEO of lmmediBug.And we're hereto revolutionizethe way you report bugson your mobile platform.Happin! will revolutionize location-basedmobile news aggregation as you know it.We're making the world a better place,through Paxos algorithmsfor consensus protocols.And we're making the world a better placethrough software-defined data centersfor cloud computing.A better place through canonical datamodels to communicate between endpoints.A better place through scalable,fault-tolerant distributed databaseswith ACID transactions.And we are truly local mobile social.And we're completely So-Mo-Lo.And we're Mo-Lo-So.We're Lo-Mo-So, bro.We were So-Lo-Mo but now we're Mo-Lo-So.No, Mo-So-Lo. No...(INAUDIBLE)MAN: You want me to geta water or something?- Yeah, drink this.- Here.- So we're all good?- We're all great.I killed it.Our Weissman score on all tests, 2.89.Right at the theoretical limit.Yeah, all the edge modules are humming.Uh, even on mobile.They can throw anything at us.Great. Well, good luck.I'm gonna go find my seat.Um, except 3D video.What?3D video's still a little hinky.Erlich better steer them awayfrom that just to be safe.Where the hell is Erlich?He wasn't with you guys this morning?Rather than heating an entire room,HumanHeater is a microwave technologythat can heat the surfaceof a person's skin instead,potentially savingmillions in heating costsand helping the environment,thereby making the world a better place.MAN: Judges.Uh...Okay, so,you want to heat people with microwaves,is that right?That can't be safe.That's a great questionand trust me, it is very, very safe.I've been working on it for 15 years.I don't trust you and it can't be safe.And even if it was, I don't thinkyou could ever sell the public on this.Thank you.I think when peoplesee the savings on their utility billand when they see how it savesthe environment, they will be sold.Microwaves? Are you kidding me?Man, they are brutal.All right, let's light this candle.Where the hell have you been?Uh, there's been some developments.You know how I fucked Melcher's old wife?- I fucked his new wife, too.- What?ERLICH: Uh, don't worry,he's not gonna find out.I left way before he got backlast night and then I didn'tgo back this morning until 20 minutesafter he had left.You went back?- How many times did you fuck this woman?- The old wife or the new wife?- The new wife.- Last night or this morning?Erlich, what were you thinking?This is kind of a big day today.Relax, he's not gonna find out.She's not gonna tell him.How the fuck do you know that?Because she'd have to be crazy to tell himand I asked her point blank if she was crazyand she swore to me, no, she's not crazy.- Pied Piper, you're up.- ERLICH: Let's do it.The microwaves only penetratethe top layer of skin cells.I don't believe you. It can't be safe.Thank you.I've been testing iton these guys all winter and they're fine.Let me just demonstrate it to assure you...- No! No!- No! Please!No one is ever going to buy one of these.Ever.That was HumanHeater.Next up, Executive Chairmanand Chief Visionary- Erlich Bachman presenting Pied Piper.- (APPLAUSE)(DRAMATIC MUSIC)Since the dawn of time,mankind hath soughtto make things smaller, but until now,- no man...- (SCREAMING)DAN: You son of a bitch!- (BLOWS LANDING)- Jesus Christ! Everyone, remain calm.Stay in your seats!Everything is under control!- (YELLING)- Lights?I think he knows.Security to main stage.(RAP MUSIC PLAYING)