You wish to acquirea company called Sliceline?I will be taking ona total engineering teamof about 50.I just have to go backinto my office.(RETCHES, COUGHS)Well we thought the best wayto introduce the PiperNetwould be throughthe eight developers.COLIN: I have been cooking upa killer new game.The Gates of Galloo.We put this thing on PiperNet...Bam, 80,000 instant users.Partnering with a companyof that size,this early, would put usmonths ahead.Knock 'em dead, Richard.Whatever you are doing,stop it now.Um, yeah, we're justhigh-fiving.Bye.You need to make a dealwith my companies.Taking existing companiesand just calling them newisn't sophisticated,that's theft.JARED DUNN:So they're manufacturing phonesand signing themonto our network.Why would they wanna help us?They're not helping us,they're attacking us.- It's the 51 percent attack.- I'm sorry, what?- A 51 percent...- (ICE RATTLES)We've been exploringthe viabilityof an acquisition with Amazon.You expect me to workfor Jeff Bezos?No way.I happen to know thatthey fucked you over.How would you liketo fuck them back?I need you to attack me.- A second attack.- RICHARD HENDRICKS: Yes.COLIN: Boom, you just got80,000 new users.Colin, you did it, you saved us.Gilfoyle, the patch.Bombs away.(CHEERING)Oh, my God.These are our new offices?We're actuallyright through here.What do you guys think?Do you want to seethe second floor?HENDRICKS:There's another floor? Okay.(HEAVING)Whoa.DUNN:I know, it's exciting, right?♪ (MUSIC PLAYS, CONCLUDES) ♪♪ ♪Here we are,right here to the left.I like your tie.Oh, thank you. I tied it myself.Oh...Okay. Well, good luck.- (CROWD MURMURING)- (CAMERA SHUTTERS SNAPPING)(MURMURING CONTINUES)(GAVEL BANGS)Mr. Hendricks,thank you for being here.For the last three hours,we've been askingsome prominent membersof your industryquestions about the securityof their users' data.And while the gentlemen fromFacebook, Google, and Amazonhave acknowledged someegregious lapses in the past...And Hooli, sir.Hooli also acknowledgedsome spectacular lapses.Yes.As I was saying,these fine folks havebeen assuring us all thattheir oversightsare behind them,and that theyare the best peopleto protect their users' privacy.But my colleague,Senator Shizakiof the great state of Hawaii,suggested that you mighthave a different view.Senator?Thank you, Chairman Hubbard.Mr. Hendricks and hiscompany, Pied Piper,are developinga pilot program to deliverwireless Internetto my constituentson the island of Maui.I have asked him to delivera statement here today.Mr. Hendricks?Yes.Mr. Hendricks, now would bethe time for that statement.Okay.I probably should'vegotten these out before.He looks like a childin a custody hearing.But, like,you don't feel sorry for him.You just want him to go away- and not have any parents at all.- (RICHARD SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)Hello, I am RichardHendricks, CEO of Pied Piper.There you go.- Eye contact.- I'm proud to tell youthat we are workingwith Senator Shizaki...- Good.- On developing the first stepin providing a newtype of Internetto the world. Oh...- Hold on.- (PAPERS RUSTLING)Uh, basically,it-it is a program...that i-i-it's kinda...Actually, can I pace? I-I justthink better on my feet.So, a lot of people...(INAUDIBLE)SENATOR KLECO: Mr. Hendricks!Speak into the machine!Oh! Okay.I'm sorry. Does this come out?Perfect.- (WHISPERS): Fuck.- RICHARD (ON TV): Okay, so,these people up here, right?You want to rein them in,but you can't.Uh, Facebook owns80% of mobile social traffic.Google owns 92% of search,and Amazon Web Servicesis bigger than their nextfour competitors combined.And they will beeven more robustonce the Hooli mergeris complete.RICHARD: Ah, see! Look, there!Even Hooli can't survivethese monopolies.No one can!They track our every move,they monitor everymoment in our lives,and-and they exploitour data for profit.(LAUGHS) And you can ask themall the questions you want,but they're not gonna change,they don't have to.These companies are kings,and they rule overkingdoms far largerthan any nationin human history.They won, we lost.So, why are you here?Because look at where we are.- Yeah? We are in the seat of the US government...- Mr. Hendricks?I'm okay. I've got it now.We are in the seatof the US government,a government thatwas founded by peoplewho were, at one point,ruled by kings they couldn't overthrow.So, what did they do, right?They started over.They came here,to the New World.- World 2.0, version 1776.- (MURMURING)And the way we winis by creating a new,democratic,decentralized Internet,one where the behaviorof companies like thiswill be impossible, forever.One where it is the users,not the kings,who have sovereigncontrol over their data.THIS, I PROMISE TO YOU:I will help you end this tyrannyby building an Internet that isof the people, by the people,and for the people,so help me God.- (LAUGHING)- (CHEERING)- DINESH: Yeah!- (APPLAUSE)Whoo!ALL: Whoa!(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)♪ ♪No, Mike, I just...- Huh? There he is!- Uh...King slayer! How was it?- Good. I-I... I, um...- You can go.- I got it...- Yeah, I mean, I think it went pretty well.I mean, you saw it, right?Of course,but I-I-I want to hearyou tell me everything,every detail.Holden...The man just got off theplane, give him some space!Jesus...Okay, so youtouch down at Dulles,you turn off airplane mode,and then...Well, actually, we flewthrough Reagan National.(CAR STARTS)Reagan? But you love trams.(SCOFFS) Well...See, this is why I shouldstill be handling your travel.Oh, don't worry about it,Jared, you're busy.I'm never too busy for you.- But let's... let's not get caught up in that, right?- Right.We're here now,and we're walking,and we're talking.I mean, take it all in,my friend.Look at all this.Can you believe we beganour journey way back...in that little living roomin the hostel?And just yesterday,you addressed our nation's mosthallowed, powerful legi...ALL: Surprise!♪ Too legit Too legit to quit ♪♪ Too legit... ♪JARED: Anyway,like I was saying out there,we started out in that littlehostel, just a couple of kids.- RICHARD: Yeah.- JARED: Right?- And now...- You killed it, Richard!Way to punchbig tech in the dick!JARED: I was just gonna say,let's... let's take a momentto let it soak in, right?- Look what you've built!- Uh-huh.Okay, I'll let you go now!Enjoy the party!Your compression algorithmwas the stardust!♪ ♪Hey, Richard! Richard!Come here.Stand here.Congratulationsfrom Team Dinesh!Yeah.("ALOHA FRIDAY" PLAYING)(CHEERING)♪ It's Aloha Friday! ♪♪ I'm going to Hawaii! ♪- RICHARD: Okay, um...- ♪ Bah-doopy-doo! ♪Congratulations.♪ Bah-doopy-doopy-doopy doo! ♪♪ It's Aloha Friday! ♪ - Uh...♪ Setting up the island'sfirst decentralized Meshnet ♪RICHARD: Uh, "You..."licked ass?"- What?- "You dicked ass"?- I-I dicked ass?- DINESH: Kicked ass!- Kicked!- Oh.Why were those yourfirst two guesses?- (STOPS MUSIC)- Gabe, what the fuck?!- You're the K! Where's the K?- K's right there.- DINESH: Kicked has two Ks!- Hey. (CHUCKLES)- Ha.- That's for you.Oh, uh, I'm trying to getsome work done today.I-I just wanted to toast.Okay. So...Don't worry, it's short.The word companionderives from the Latin word"panis" for bread,and while I canno longer digest bread,- I know that you leaven my life...- COLIN: Richard!Hey, man, you got a second?Uh, yes, Colin. No, I do. Um...Sorry. Okay. Uh, cheers.Saw you on TV. You crushed it.That king shitwas on point, man.- I fucking love kings.- RICHARD: Oh, yeah.So listen, um,did they swear you in?Like, pull the wholeJohnny Law routine with you?Were you under oath?Uh, no.Cool! Well, that's a weight off.- Why?- Well,you said all that stuff aboutnot collecting user data.- Yes?- But we are.- I am.- What?But I'm doingthe right thing nowby telling you, so I feel like...I-I'm sorry, Colin.How long have you beencollecting user data?Sorta... the whole time.But it's just to improvethe quality of my gameplay.I'm not using it to sell ads.It doesn't fucking matter.It goes against the principlesof this company. I mean...Shit, I just lied to Congress.No.You said a lie to Congress,but you didn't knowat the time, I guess.Don't beat yourself upabout it, huh?But going forward,maybe stop saying that.Are you fucking kidding me?Or do say it. I don't care.Maybe it'll be like Googlesaying "Don't be evil,"or Facebook saying "I'msorry, we'll do better,""or me saying" Gates of Galloodoes not leave your headset mic openand record everything you say.Suck it."Sweet fucking shit.A-a-are you...bugging people and storingtheir private conversationson my network?Colin! This stops, now.It would really be better for meif you just stoppedlying about it,'cause the game's pretty boss.No, no. I'm the boss,and I'm telling youthat this is over, Colin.- It's done.- Agree to disagree.I'm glad we had this talk.(LAUGHS) Can't believeI was so nervous.Congratulations.Okay.MONICA: Oh, Richard! Hey.This is Sam Liccardo,the mayor of San Jose.(QUIETLY): There's amajor fucking problem.Just meet me in my officein two minutes. Act normal.Sorry, just excuse mefor a second.Hey, Jared!Hey, Tracy!- How's my favorite human resource?- I'm fine, thanks.Did anyone mention ourplan to move your office?We're thinking about putting youcloser to biz dev and marketing.But that's... all the wayback in the Hamelin Wing.Yeah! Follow me, I'll show you.Um... Okay, it's just,that's a little far from...From Richard's office.Yes, but you reallydon't have anyday-to-day businesswith Richard anymore.I mean, we were justwalking and talking before.Oh. Looks like they're having a meeting.I should probably...It's just betterfor office cohesionif you sit nearyour direct reports,and that is biz devand marketing.Yeah, no, youmentioned that. It's...It's an interesting idea,but I just think that, um,I think we shouldcheck with Richard first'cause I think he's gonnawant me a little bit closer.Of course.It's subject to his approval.- Okay.- I've already emailed him. I think once you seethe conference room suites though,you'll really fall in love.- Okay. Yeah.- Just right through here.Well, I don't fallin love with rooms.So, how do we get ridof this fucker?Look, Richard, I don't likethis any more than you do,but we can't get rid of Colin.He's our most profitabledeveloper by far.- So what? We have other developers.- We do,but they're allentangled with Galloo!We worked really hard to builda whole ecosystem around it.It's like if you cancel a Warriorsgame, you're not justhurting the team, but you're alsohurting the parking attendants,and the T-shirt guys,and the concessions.Okay. Thank you, Monica,for putting it into an analogythat will resonate with me.- Football.- It's basketball.- No, I know.- Losing him is no longer a simple thing.So, what are you saying?We just do nothing?Richard, he's not selling ads.He's just using it to optimizethe performance of his game.It's actually a fairlyelegant implementation.What?What?!Hiroshima was an elegantimplementation.- I don't think anyone agrees with you on that.- No, I'm saying,just because it's successful,doesn't mean it's good.I mean, it goes againsteverything we stand for.I mean, if we startcollecting personal data"just for the good stuff,"I mean, next thing we know,- we're fucking Facebook.- DINESH: Well,for the record,I would not mind being fucking Facebook.No. We got to kick him off, okay?There are 500 people out therewho believe in this company'sethics and standards.There are 532 people out there,and someonehas got to pay for them.Right now, it's Colin.Ditching him would betoo complicated.DINESH: You know what'snot too complicated?Hawaii. In Hawaii,aloha means hello and goodbye.They use the same wordto mean two thingsthat are the exact opposite.That's awesome,and I have a chance to go thereas long as Colinis on our network.Aloha.So, Colin betrays usand we just tolerate it?Great.This is the cost of workingwith humans, Richard.They suck.PAUL: Gavin, after monthsof protracted negotiations,I'm happy to say that we've cometo final terms onour sale to Amazon.Merger. Continue.Amazon has agreed to no layoffs,and they'll even provideretention bonuses fora period of two years.Uh, what about my role?No change.Essentially, you'll still havecomplete discretion overall of your divisionsexactly as you enjoy right now.Full executive privileges.Perksssss...Well, congratulations,Team Hooli!Oh, um, about that.Uh, that was theirone major stipulation.From this point on,all of our properties will be rebranded.- As... as what?- As Amazon!What?Hoover!Bezos wants to just erasethe Hooli name from history?Mr. Bezos simply feltthat the Hooli name had...What were his exact words?Um "A..."stink."Hoover, goddammit! Stop it!You can't just threatenpeople with violence.Go stand over there.(SIGHS) You tell Bezoswe keep the Hooli name,or he can go fuck himselfwith his rocket ship.What is Amazon anyway?Is it a river?Is it a giant woman?It's not clear. No.We keep the name Hooli.- That's a deal breaker.- DENPOK: Gavin,is not Hooli morethan simply a name?Is-is it notthe culture and the...great products? The liberal...private aviation policy?- No.- You know that the board- has decided to sell, right, Gavin?- You know what?I've still gotfriends in this town.I'll put togethersome investors.Amazon can takea chunk of our assets,but Hooli will remain a viableand independent entity,even if we have to sheda few divisionsand trim a little fat.♪ ♪(COMPUTER CHIMES)(CHIMES)(CHIMES)RICHARD: So,Dinesh thinks this is you?GILFOYLE: Correct.He's been messagingwith it all dayand he has no idea it's an AI.Well, we fooled a human.I guess we just passedthe Turing test.- Almost a human.- (DINESH LAUGHING)Fucking Gilfoyle.We're friends.You trained that thing in a day?No, I didn't train it.Son of Anton did.- Son of Anton?- An homage to a fallen friend.It's the name that I'vegiven our new inference API.He's indexing all ofPiperNet as we speak,and he's startingto recognize intent,emotion, causality.Hang on, wait. Uh...Do you think you couldengineer Son of Antonto index compressed audio files?Why would youinsult me like that?He can do whatever he wants.Okay.Uh, hey, Dinesh?- Yes?- Can I get the latest tech specs from you, please?I've already sent themto you five times.I don't really wannadig through my inbox.Um, so if you sent it now,it'll be on top.- I'll wait.- (CHAIR CLICKS)Wearable chair.Sending now.- (COMPUTER CHIMES)- Okay. Thank you, Dinesh.(CHIMES)(LAUGHING)Gilfoyle just said...♪ ♪(CHIMES)(CHIMES)Um, Gilfoyle?What the fuck is going on?'Cause I just texted you,and you were... Um,we've been textingback and forth all day.Was that not you?Complicated question.Is your shadow you?- Was that a bot?- Yes.So, I spent all daychatting with a bot?- Yes.- You made an AI Gilfoyle?- Yes.- And I was talking to it?Do you need the real mefor this conversation?You can't just fuck withpeople and manipulate thembecause you don'thave the decency- to want to interact with a coworker.- (CELL PHONE CHIMES)Gabe wants to know if he'll needa jacket if he walks to lunch.(PHONE CHIMES)And if so,can he borrow a jacket.Look at him. Fucking Gabe.Hey, could you make mean AI Dinesh?♪ ♪We are downto the final few decisionsin our new baseline contractfor strategic developers.Let me providesome context on eachbefore providingrecommendations.The first is howindemnification will work,given that our networkprovides distributive storage.The second is how licensingand access fees will be appliedto copyrightedmaterial given thatour network alsodoes not allow any- tracking or user...- Hey.- Can you talk?- Oh, hell yes.COLIN (ON TAPE): I charge allkinds of shit to the investors.I bought a Jet Ski,I bought a snowmobile,I bought a 10-packof piano lessons...(TURNS OFF TAPE) - He flat-outadmits to embezzlement.- Where'd you get this?- Colin!He's been storingprivate conversationson our network,including his own.Because he's got gamingheadsets everywhere.At his office,at his house, at his RV,and they are live 24/7.We have thousands of hoursof his private conversations.You see, once I pairedthe automagical Son of Antonwith my compression algorithm,and gave it accessto Galloo Games' database,it indexed it allin less than 10 minutes,and generated this.(LAUGHS) Jared, this is a graphof all of his voice recordings,clustered by keyword.I mean, look at this.He steals, uh,he does drugs at work, uh,he's even sleeping withone of his investor's wives.I mean, this guy is dirty asa dog and we got him! Cold!Hold on. What-what areyou suggesting here?Blackmail?- No... I... no. I... I don't...- Richard,what Colin is doing is clearly,and gobsmackingly, awful.But we're supposed to bethe virtuous ones here,and-and this is...just plain wrong.Yeah. Okay.Yeah, I guess, yeah. I guess you're right.I'll think of something else.- Yeah.- I mean, he started it,but I don't know.Yeah. Yeah.I don't know.Okay. I don't know.- Hey, Richard?- Hmm?Um, did Tracy happento talk to youabout moving myoffice down here?Yeah, she... she mentioned it.I approved it.- Oh, you did?- Yeah.- Yeah.- Yeah.Okay, then.Richard?Um...I mean, Colin liedto you first...about collecting data, right?- Yes, he did.- So,even if this is wrong,I suppose you could argue thatit's wrong inthe service of rightness.RICHARD: Yeah.It's, um...it's, uh, unethicalin the defense of ethics.Uh, unjust inthe quest for justice.It's like stealingfrom your pimpto pay for yourfriend's appendectomy.Yeah, a-and everyone else,Monica, Dinesh, and Gilfoyle,they're all justperfectly contentwith letting this guy shitall over everythingwe believe in.But are we, Jared?Richard...let's go put a footin Colin's ass.COLIN (ON TAPE): Danny,don't be a fucking bitch.I'll get you the tanning bed. I chargeshit to the investors all the time.I put two grams of coke on thecompany card last week. (SNORTS)Aah, fuck.You see, Colin,we were able to break downall of your misdeedsby category,including a catch-allfor personal embarrassment.Masturbation, farts,the one time you said thatyou could, if you wanted to,get porn of your sister.You get the gist.Data collection.Not so boss when it happens toyou, is it, Colin?- Holy shit.- (CHUCKLES)I say, what time is it?Uh... Where's my phone.Uh, do you have a phone?Do you have a phone?It is fuck you o'clock!Seven, you say?Oh! Well, hey, isn't that the...time your board ismeeting tonight?It's on my freakingshared Exchange calendar.Oh, oh look!There they are right now!- Look at that!- JARED: Say, Richard, that, uh,that a looks a lot likeHarold Gibbons, the man...whom Colin hasmade a cuckold of.RICHARD: It does.- Dude.- RICHARD: You just messedwith the wrong pair of boys.Here's what's gonna happen.You're gonna march into thatmeeting, and you're gonna makean amendmentto your company bylawsthat you will never recordor collect user data ever again.Unless, of course,you want the informationon that little thumb driveto get out.Son of a bitch.You can keep that one, Colin.We've made copies.JARED: Yeah.Walk... walk your ass out of here,you liar, and why don't you...- Go... fucking... die.- Die! (GIGGLES)- This, Richard, this!- (LAUGHS)(LAUGHTER)Let's break something.(MUTTERING): Don't come over,don't come over, don't come over.I got to say, this is amazing.Gabe whines and complainsand AI Dineshjust takes care of it.Thank you so much!(LAUGHS)My auntie sent mea Hawaiian shirt.AI Dinesh must'vetold her about Hawaii.Stop.Why would AI Dineshbe talking to your aunt?I specifically told you youcould only use it with Gabe.But it was goingso well with Gabe thatI might've given AI Dineshaccess to all my contactsjust to handletalking to my auntie,and my parents.Why would you give AI Dineshaccess to your contacts,you fucking moron?I'm one of your contacts.- So?- So, at some point,AI Dinesh is goingto reach out to AI Gilfoyle.Oh fuck.(POWER WHIRRING DOWN)(BEEPING)Oh fuck indeed.GABE: Uh, hey, Dinesh?Yes, Gabe?I think the network is down.Thank you, Gabe.GABE: Uh, hey, Dinesh?DINESH: Yes, Gabe?Can you fix it?♪ ♪Oh.Ah, Uber's almost here.You know, um, there'sa couple of beersback at the officewith our names on them'cause when I put itback in the fridge,I put our names on them.- Sure. Yeah, we've earned it.- (LAUGHTER)COLIN: What Richardcreated is fucking amazing.We're all gonna be rich! Look,I'm doing blow,so it's lighting up drugs,but it's also lighting upunprotected sexand geotagging the Four Seasons.It's the greatest dataaggregating platform in history.This could flip ourwhole business model,and Richard developedit specifically for us.Hey! There he is.So, you guys wanna hear mebanging Harold's wife? Sorry.It's okay, we're poly.Right, Dan?(LAUGHTER)TRACY:Over seven million emails.- All on our servers.- My servers.Virtually all containingracist invective,and pornographic diagrams.- Yep.- Care to explain?AI glitch.Human error.I will rectify.Oh, oh, no, don't delete AI Dinesh.I love him.I can be more like AI Dinesh.I'll learn from my mistakes.I'll optimize myself...And...deleted.GABE: Uh, hey, Dinesh?(CHAIR RATTLING)Can I get the tech specfrom you, please?Sure, Gabe.(CLICKING)♪ ♪- Paul!- Gavin.Did the deal close?- It did.- What'd I tell you?Did you actually look atthe specifics of the deal?I didn't have to.Did we have to shut some divisions?Of course. Will somepeople have to sacrificetheir pensions and the like?Well, that's up to you,but we all have to makesacrifices for the cause.I really wish you hadlooked at these numbers.The new Hooli will besignificantly smaller.But you just said Hooli.Did you hear that?And that's all thatreally matters.- So, make it work.- Yes, I've been trying.To-to that end, uh,since we have so manyemployees moving to Amazon,- we don't need as much space and we need to reduce cost.- (CRANE WHINING)- So...- What is going on?Why is their logobigger than ours?Because, technically,we are now subletting from them.It was the only way Hoolicould afford to stay here.You're telling me thatEl Pollo Loco corporatehas more employees than we do?How many divisionsdid I just give up?We need to fix this! Now!The term sheet is binding,and, as of this morning,I now work at Amazon.Be well, Gavin.(SCRAPING)- (SHATTERS)- Fuck!JARED: What do you mean,"Am I still happy at Pied Piper?"W-why would youeven ask me that?Well, I know you'remy therapist.I was there whenthe court appointed you.But I-I let my desireto be around Richard,and to be needed by him,turn me into some kindof a craven yes-man,and it clouded my judgment,and I led him downa horrible path.What?I'm not... I'm not gonna dignify that.Of course I belong there.Where else wouldI possibly belong?All right, well,I'm home, so...I guess we're gonna haveto, uh...BIG HEAD: Jared?What are you doing here?♪ ♪I-I don't know.BIG HEAD: Thought you moved out?It's Big Head, from here.(SIMON GAME BEEPING)The garage hasn't changed a bit.Although, the rodentsare back in force.- Oh, cool.- (BEEPING)Big Head,I need to talk toyou about business.- Oh hi, Jared.- Jian-Yang, I was justtaking a little walkdown memory lane...Can you stay or go?This is not interesting to me.JIAN-YANG: Big Head,we need to kick Gwartout of the incubator.Oh, really?I thought we like Gwart.- (BEEPING)- Oh, damn it.Gwart?Gwart has a very good idea,very good software,but when I ask herfor business plan,she doesn't havea business plan.She's a brilliant coder,but this is not a charity.She's also not very friendly.It's a bad for the vibe.This place should bea cool hang.I got you some new cans,by the way.- Thank you, Big Head.- (GAME BEEPING)- (POPS)- (CAN CLATTERS)- Nice.- (COCKING)- (GUN POPS)- (CAN CLATTERS)Hey.Looks like you coulduse a little help?May I?(SLURPING)Hi, I'm Jared.("EASY LOVING" BYFREDDIE HART PLAYING)♪ Easy lovin' ♪♪ Every day's Thanksgiving ♪♪ To count all my blessings ♪♪ I wouldn't knowwhere to start ♪♪ Every time ♪♪ I look you over ♪♪ So real to life it seems ♪♪ Up on your ♪♪ Pretty shoulders ♪♪ There's a pair of ♪♪ Angel wings... ♪♪ Life with you is like living ♪♪ In a beautiful dream... ♪A man offered usa billion dollars.You said, "no."A very bad man.And he would have turned usinto the worst possible versionof ourselves.I mean, you can't put a priceon ethics.BERTRAM GILFOYLE:But it seems you just did.One billion dollars.GAVIN BELSON: I will be askingthe tech communityto sign their name onto this.Tech ethics.Or tethics for short.No one in townis ever gonna signthis hypocrite'shypocritical garbage.Hey, Richard.Ah... what?- It's my resignation letter.- What?Pied Piper isn'tthe same companythat I signed up for.She has different needs now.You buddy fucker.I'm not a buddy fucker.RICHARD HENDRICKS:I am your buddy,and you are fucking me. Ergo...you are a buddy fucker.- See the logo?- Russ.Check it! (HUMMING)One, two, three. Boom!Tres commas tequila. Boom!Dollar sign, boom!Billionaire, boom!Russ, boom! Fest, boom!Russfest!You're not doing anythingillegal here, are you?Fuck the police.