I will help you by buildingan internet of the peopleby the peopleand for the people,so help me God.You said all that stuffabout not collecting user data.- But I am.- I just lied to Congress.Hooli will remainan independent entity,even if we have to sheda few divisionsand trim a little fat.Gwart has a really good idea,but she doesn't havea business plan.Hi, I'm Jared.We were able to break downall of your misdeeds.This guy is dirty as a dog,and we got him.Oh, hell yes.It's the greatestdata aggregating platform.And Richard developed itspecifically for us.- So this morning,- Colin cut a new buildof Gates of Gallooto his staging server.Okay, um, this is Baldereach,capital city of Galloonia.Those are some ghoul knights,wearing gelatinous armor.This is just the game,pretty standard stuff.Well, until I...turn on the microphone.How are you doing, Richard?Are you hungry?Would you like some pizza?What the fuck?He's using our API to run adsdirectly in the game engine?Crazy, right?Domino's Pizzain a fantasy medieval universe.Why, it's enough to makeyou wanna go on vacation.And he's even usingour ability to track sentiment.Yeah. Even if I saynonsense words,it assigns theman emotional value.La-la-la-la-la-la-la!Fuck me. So,unless we get rid of Colin,which we can't,he is going to putthis on our network.Money just perverts everything.At this point, I could standto be a little perverted.Yeah, I wanna bea lot perverted.I wanna blow money while ittalks to its wife on the phone.- I wanna suck money... Oh.- All right.- Microphone.- Oh! Uh...Kittens, puppies,United Nations!Richard, is this an okay time?It's a great time, Jared.I'm surrounded on all sidesby people who turn on me.- I can come back.- No. No, no, it's fine.What do you got?What is this?It's my resignation letter.I'm leaving.What?One gaff with Colin,and you're just gonna walk away?It's about so much morethan that, Richard.I've been agonizing over this.Not sleeping, not eating...I completely forgotmy godson's 40th birthday.Richard,Pied Piper isn't the samecompany that I signed up for.She has different needs now,and so do you,and, it turns out,so do I.Okay, Jared...we are in the middleof a shit storm here.I'm trying to handle thisas honestly as possible.There's a founderat the hacker hostel,and she needs my help, and...once I'm free of encumbrances...Encumbrances?! Oh! Well,fuck me, Jared.I don't want to encumber you.Okay.Go to your new boss.I hope she's not a...big of a fuck-up as I am, you...buddy-fucker.- I'm not a buddy-fucker.- Oh, yes, you are, Jared.You are a buddy-fucker.I am your buddy,and you arefucking me. Ergo,you are a buddy-fucker.Goodbye.- Richard, I'm not...- Goodbye, Jared. Thank you.I like it how it is.But it's too warm.I want it warm.Okay.Gentlemen, and lady,a short time ago,I reached out to you and asked youto invest, sight unseen,in a newer,leaner, and more focused Hooli.And invest you did,guided not bytraditional spreadsheetsor actuarial tables,but by your own highlyattuned financial...Gavin, cut the bullshit.What do we still own?Mr. Skelton.As candid and asforthright as ever.- Age has not dulled one iota of...- Gavin.Of course. I hadprepared a presentation,but I suppose I canjust skip to the end.Hopefully, I won't lose you.Okay...Confucius, John Lennon,Nietzsche, Ayn Rand,Steve Wonder, and here we go!As you can see,among the many jewelsstill in Hooli's crownare our excitingsuite of office...Where is web services?Well, Mr. Bezos felt it wouldfold nicely into his AWS,so he insisted...Smart speaker and in-home?- He took that, too?- HooliHome was, indeed, subsumed- by the Amazon Alexa...- Targeted search?Ironically, also missing.But we maintain rightsto the HooliPhoneand its proprietary apps,the patent forthe Hooli Puck Mouse.We also maintain ourweb-based marketplaces,including our up-and-cominglifestyle networking platform,- Foxhole.- What the fuck is that?!Well, Foxhole is a very excitingweb-based exchange,catering to those in the military,who are interested in havingextramarital affairs. Gavin,when do you expectthe eight of us willrecoup our investment?Ah, yes!That's my very next slide.After this one.Well, with a little luck,we'll be profitable and up 5Xinside three years.You got three months,or you're out.So, Melanie will take onall of Jared'smarketing duties,Gwen will cover biz dev,and that should take care of it.Does this scan to you?- I can see it.- Okay, great.- Okay, back to work.- Uh, Bertram,while I have you...You don't have me.Richard's just tasked mewith streamlining productivityand balancing headcount.Can you explainto me why you haveno one working under you?It just seems odd consideringthat the agile board is showingthat you have a massive backlog.You're new here,so I'll forgivethe patronizing tone.I'm more concernedwith being rightthan being fast,and I don't like dealingwith people. To wit,- are we done?- Oh,you're "that guy."What "guy" exactly?The brooding, arrogant guywho refuses to take orders?Self-taught coderwho looks down onanyone who's taken a class.You're probably an atheistor something more contrarian.You claim to bean anarcho-capitalist,but you work here and pay taxes.You've probably read half ofNeal Stephenson's Cryptonomicon,and it's about 50/50whether you own a snake.His girlfriend owns a snake.I finished Cryptonomicon,and you easily could'vejust looked in my file.I didn't need to.- I'm assigning you five coders.- Inadvisable.Noted.I'll send them overfirst thing tomorrow.If you're going to throwfive randoms under me,at least let me pick my team.- Fair enough.- Good.- Georgia?- Mm.You want to move the entirecompany to Georgia?- Why?- Well, the Valley's become prohibitively expensive.Look at these numbers.If we move to Georgia,we can save a fortuneand get a further investment.It's the only way.Well, I have heardgood things aboutthe food scenein the Dirty South.Stankonia. Freaknik.Might be nice to be aroundmore people of color. What?Not Atlanta.Tbilisi. The country ofGeorgia, not the state.What?- Gavin?- Hmm?Tbilisi is no doubta wonderfully rustic place,but do you not fear losinga local presence,a connection withthe beating heart ofthe technology industry?Boots on the ground,so to speak.I think it's wise, sir.Shit. You're right.I need to be hereto maintain my relevance.All right then. Plan B.You two and the teamwill move to Belarus.If we can get close enoughto the Chernobyl exclusion zone,it's a buyer's market,and with the moneywe save from substantiallydowngrading from Tbilisi,plus the bigger Belarusianinvestment we've been offered,I'll maintaina pied-à-terre here in town.Now, I'll need to relymuch more heavily on youbecause you probablywon't see me much.I'll need youto guide the troopsand bridge the language gap,but...God damn,I respect the hellout of you both.♪ ♪Are you sure about this? Uh...Yeah. Yeah, no.We can't have that atrociousgame anywhere on our network.- We have to do a raise.- Well,it's a terrible timeto do it, but...I mean, it's your call.It's gonna have to bea big number though.Yeah, good.I guess we should set upsome meetings, yeah?- Too time-consuming.- Let's jump-start the process.Are you feeling charitable?Just 39 centsa day can literallyfeed an entire family like this.Think about it,then ask yourself...All right, so this placeis the who's who of VCs,so let's do a lap,take inventory,and we'll start with the biggestfirm, work our way down to...- Laurie!- Monica. Richard.What are you doing here?The same as you, I suppose.Eating caviar and...hacking famine.- No, I thought you moved to China.- Mm.The interesting thingabout moving, Monica,is that you can do itmore than once. I am back.You may be intrigued to knowthat I have severed tieswith Yao and YaoNet.So, you're going back to VC?Oh, no.You misunderstand.I have severed tiesbetween Yao and YaoNet.Yao has been exited,and I have made myselfthe CEO of the company,which I am movingback to the US,and in order to make itsound more American,I am renaming it"YaoNetUS."Wait. So, you'relaunching here?Yes, and with thoseChinese out of the way,I can finally be moreruthlessly efficient.Speaking of,excuse me.- What? Are you fucking kidding me?- Richard,relax, okay,she's got inferior tech,she's got no developers.You remember whenshe tried to run Eklow?She's gonna last a week as CEO.I mean, look at her.She's desperate.She's alreadyin total flirt mode.I do believe withproper management...She needs money just like we do.Let's just worry about us, okay?I will introduce you,and just...let me do the talking, okay?Don't speak until...Richard Hendricksfrom Pied Piper.- Eric Rivera, Graves Partners.- Oh.I saw yourcongressional testimony,and I thought, man,I really needto talk to that guy.Oh, you did? Huh, cool.Yeah. I mean,you committedto a really bad business model,on national TV.I guess I just wanted to know,what the hell were you thinking?I mean, picking a fightwith Facebook is one thing,but shitting on Googleand Amazon at the same time,in front of TV cameras?What was going on in your brain?And-and Hooli. I-I shiton them, too, so...I mean, we're all sitting infront of the TV in our office,thinking this isthe dumbest man in tech.And then we talked about it,and we realized, hang on,- that is totally unfair.- Yeah, you did? Good.Yeah, because, I mean, you weresubpoenaed, right? You were under oath?- What were you supposed to do?- Technically, I don't...You weren't...you weren't under oath?Mm, I don't think so.Are you kidding me?Wait. Karl, Ben! Come over here.You gotta hear this.We were wrong, man!Tell them what you just told me.Hey, um...Richard Hendricks,from Pied Piper, yes?Uh, no.Maximo Reyes.I am an investor from Chile.Wow, I gotta tell you,it is an honor to meet you, man.Truly, I am such a big fanof your technology.Wow.- What, like, really, or...- Of course. Hi.We are shaking hands.Correct?But I'm sure you have moreimportant people to talk to,you know, and, you havemade it painfully clearthat you do not wantme as an investor, so...No, h-hold on. Wait, I-I-I made it clear?When did I...Oh no, not you personally,but I spoke with somebodyfrom your company many times.Uh, Yarez?Yarez?Y-Yarez Dun...Yarez... Oh!- Jared.- Yes!- Whatever...- Potatoes, potatoes.Well, uh, Yared doesn't reallywork with us anymore, so...- Oh, wow. Well, then.- Yeah.Look at you and me.We are talking.Have you ever hada Chilean terremoto?- Denpok, got a minute?- Yes.I may have a wayto keep us here in the US.Talk.Are you familiar with CIFIUS?Yes.No.The Committee on ForeignInvestment in the US,or CIFIUS,is a federal agencythat has wide latitudeto prevent American companiesfrom doing businesswith foreigners,if there's a nationalsecurity threat.Are you familiar withthe dating app Grindr?No.Yes.Last year,CIFIUS reversed the saleof Grindr to Chinese investors.They ruled that the sexualand HIV status of US citizenswas somethingthey needed to keepout of the handsof foreign interests.- I understand.- This morning,I was on the userdatabase of Foxhole,when I happened upona familiar face.Four-star General Hanley Barris.That is not his face.No, it is not.But as a four-star general,he could anonymouslycompel CIFIUSto prevent Foxholeor its ownershipfrom moving to foreign soil.No more Belarus?I think General Barris wouldbe very keen to keepthis type of materialout of the hands offoreign interests, and by that,I mean his wife, Yekatarina.♪ ♪Hey! What happenedto you last night?Oh my God, you reek of booze.Were you out all night?Monica...- I got lucky.- Didn't need to know that.No, no, I got evenluckier than that.Tell me, did you know thatthe national tree of Chileis the piñoner?Also this,- do you know who Maximo Reyes is?- Yeah.The richest man in Chile.Well, I saw that very treein the middle ofhis living room,and he let me climb it.You met Maximo Reyesand you went to his house?Yeah, and he showed mehis art collection,and we drank a numberof terremotos,which are...fucking disgusting.Anyway, I may have convinced himto give us enough moneyto get rid of Colin.Wait, what?I casually floated 50 million,and he didn't even bat an eye.Richard...There's a reason Jaredtried to ditch this guy.- We cannot take his money.- Why not?Did he tell youwhere he gets it from?How his grandfather was the chiefof secret police under Pinochet?About how they ran their mines?They were basicallyslave traders.He can't really be all that bad.I mean, he really,really likes Pied Piper.Look, we cannottake blood money.You thought sellingads were bad?These guys executedpeople in soccer stadiums.I was open to it at first,but Jared was adamantand he's right.Fifty million sounds great, but it's anawfully low price to pay for your integrity.Fuck.Look,I know Colin is a sleazebag,but at least he's temporary.Okay, Maximo isa thousand times worse,and he would be permanent.Of course.He just e-mailed methe term sheet.I don't even wanna look at him.Just forward it to me.- I'll take care of it.- Thanks.I know that this sucks,but I promise you,you're doing the right...Fifty million?Do you rememberwhen I was offered 10?Richard.Hmm?It's not $50 million.Is it more?It's a billion, Richard.A what?He just offered usa billion dollars for 10%.Fuck.You're alreadyholding a cigarette.♪ ♪Mr. Gilfoyle!- Yes, ma'am?- Is this your new team?It is.Five people, as you requested.- That man over there?- Ken.- Isn't he the coffee guy?- Barista. Yes.And Joyce waswatering the plants.Mona was working security.Dan and George,they were painting the lobby.Until today.Which reminds me,they all need to changetheir Linkedln status to..."placaters ofmiddle management."I'll be honest,this is sort of a first.And here you thoughtI was just..."that guy."You know, Mr. Gilfoyle,you're right.You're not "that guy,"because at the seven companiesI've helped take public,every other "that guy"accepted their limitations,took on a team, and managedto get their work done.Some of them arenow billionaires.None of themwould've gotten intoa dick-measuring contest with HRwhen they were two weeks behind.So, lucky us,I guess you're unique.♪ ♪You know, Gilfoyle,when I first heard the phrase"dick-measuring contest,"I thought it was a contestto see who couldmeasure the most dicks.But it isn't,is it, Gilfoyle?Is it a typo?Maybe it's a typo.It's not a typo, Richard.It's spelled out in the offer.One billion dollars,in one lump sum.Okay, what do I do?- I don't know.- Oh. Okay, well,Jared had you pretty convincedthat this was evil money.It's a billion fuckingdollars, Richard!Okay, so does that makethis less evil or, like,- way more evil?- Ack!Do not touch.It's an e-sign.You touch that button, it's over.Tell me what to do.Monica, this is your job!Look, when my sistergot pregnant her freshman year ofcollege, I said get an abortion.Well, now my niece, Dakota,who is very much with us,calls me "Aunt Abortion."I'm sorry.You are the CEO, this is on you.Well, I gotta talkto Dinesh and Gilfoyle.No, you can't talkto those animals!You say a wordto anyone out there,and this whole company turns intoLord of the Flies in five seconds.It's a billion dollars, Richard.I'm sorry. You're on your own.Monica...Richard, there isa major emergency.Gilfoyle is using thebarista as one of the coders,so I tried to use thecappuccino machine on my own,and I don't know if, like,the frother knob is, like,jammed or something,but it's, like, not working.So, there is no froth,at all, for anybody.So, can you get on that?- Yeah.- Okay, great.He's on it!It's really a shit sandwich.They've been in therefor a while.Wonder how it's going.General Barris. Is it done?- Wonderful.- Say hello to your wife for me.Gavin! How was the meeting?♪ ♪Aah! Fuck!Richard?Huh? Yeah.What are you doing here?Do you have a second?Yeah, yeah. Come on in.I know you tried to keepMaximo away from me,but one thing lead to anotherand-and now this.- That is quite an offer.- Yeah.So, what do I do?Look, Richard, I know you saidMonica's checked out on this,but... this is kind ofa monumental Pied Piper matter.I think you should get advicefrom somebody within the company.That's why I'm here, Jared.That's you.You gotta come back.- Richard...- I-I knowyour job changed over time,but we can undo that.You know, restructure your role,move you upstairsso you're closer to me.Whatever it takesto make it work.Come on, think about it.We'll be...a pair of boys,back in business.Richard, it's too late.I mean,you know, you let me go,so I took the job here- with Gwart, and...- So?Go inside and tellGwart you're leaving.Well, that's nothow loyalty works.I mean, that wouldn't be fair.Fair?Years ago,you came to this house,begging me for a job,and I gave you one.In fact, I made you COO.And now,when I need you the most,you stab me in the back,and you have the ballsto lecture me about loyalty?Are you fucking kidding me?I was right.You are a buddy-fucker.- Please stop saying that.- Buddy-fucker.Stop saying that.And-and-and pleasejust leave this house,- or I can't be held responsible for my behavior.- Oh yeah?What are you gonna do,Jared? Huh?You gonna buddy-fuck me?'Cause that's what you do- to your buddies now, isn't it?- Get out.Oh, Gwart. No, no, no!That's too much sun.Oh my God.This is Gwart?Richard...- This is who you're walking away for?- Richard, do not.She's your new littlecode girlfriend?- Don't.- This, uh...- Don't.- This googly-eyed...- No, no, no, no...- Yoo-hoo drinking...- No!- Oh my God.Oh, okay, okay,okay, look, I'm sorry!- No.- All right.I oughta knock your teeth,you bitch-made motherfucker.I-I-I... I didn't mean it.I was state-raised!You think I'm scaredto catch a case- of some bullshit?!- I-I'm sorry, Jared!I didn't mean it, okay?I'm sorry, Gwart.- I didn't mean it!- You keep her name out of your skanky little mouth,you little, little bitch!Hey! Hey! Hey! This isa place of business...Oh my God. Don't shoot me!Jared!- Jared! Aah!- Dope-led, peckerwood motherfucker!- Jared! Jared, no!- Get checked in, hoe!Oh, Jesus!You wanna dance onthe blacktop, homie?!You did this, Richard!Aah!Ow, what the fuck?♪ ♪Mr. Gilfoyle! You wantedto see me before I left?Yes, Tracy, I did.I wanted you to be here when Ipush my entire backlog of code.You finished all of it?In just 24 hours?I did, all by myself.I'll take that apology now.Mr. Gilfoyle, you saidthat I had to choose.You said I could have it fastor I could have it right,but I just got itfast and right,and all I had to do wasthreaten your manhoodby assigning you other coders.It worked at sevenother companies,and it obviously worked here.We're back on schedule!Now, why would I besorry about that.♪ ♪I respect your skills.Thank you.See you in the morning.And now, we are both holding- a whiskey.- Yes.Um, Maximo, I wanna apologizefor coming overhere unannounced.And I wanna dothis deal with you,but... Jesus...Richard, you have someconcerns because of my family.I mean... yeah.Richard, do you seethese photographs?Now, these people,a lot of them children,used to work for my fatherin my family's mines.Now, I keep themhere as a reminderof the many, manymistakes my father made.I want to fix thosemistakes, Richard.By investing in youand your company,I'll be ableto start doing that.Do you really believe that?Richard, we are going to changethe world, you and I.Shit! What was that?Ah, the birds. You know,they're attracted to the tree,so sometimes, you know, kapffft!What are you gonna do?- To rectifying the mistakes of my father.- Sure. Yeah.The fool who allowedthe workers to unionizeand ask for higher wagesand more expensive hospitals.- We...- Uh, sorry. What was that?Yes. My grandfather,he built a great fortune,but then my idiot fatheralmost gave it all away.But not now, though.Oh no.Now, I mine copper,cobalt and diamonds,and now, thanks to you,data. Gracias.Uh, no. No, what?No, we do not...Oh my God!Uh...No, we...We will not mine user data.I was very clear about that.But you do.Richard, did you not tell mewhen we were sittingon my tree, bonding,that there is a man inyour network right now,using a tool, that you built,in order to mine user data?No. That is coming to an end.That doesn't happen anymore.Richard, please. Cheers.To our futureendeavors together.Maximo...we will never collectand monetize user data.Ever.Then why would I give youone billion dollars, Richard?Look at me. I am nota fool like my father.You are turning this intoa dick-measuring contest.Please don't,because I assure you,it will be Iwho measures the most.Are-are you threatening me?Take my money, Richard.It'll be very good for you,and very good for me.But if you do not takemy money, Richard...oh, it will be very bad for you.♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ You know I talkto my baby ♪♪ Like a mothertalk to her kid ♪♪ You know I love that woman ♪♪ But I just can'tkeep it hid ♪♪ She gotthe devil in her ♪♪ Yes ♪♪ That woman gotthe devil in her... ♪Richard, it's Maximo.We are on the phone.Let me tell you what is goingto happen to you next.All I wanted to dowas be a golden millionaire.A millionaire that gets peed on?I could see you making halfthat happen.Can I be honest with youfor once?For once?You're my attorney.You're out of options.- Holy shit.- We could buy Hooli.Take your marks.I still got it, Hoover.