Yeah, I wanna bea lot perverted.We'll be profitable and up 5Xinside three years.‐You've got three months.‐(YELLS)‐What is this?‐My resignation letter.Laurie, what are you doing here?I've made myself the CEOof the OwlNet.This is who you're walkingaway for?‐This... George R. R.‐‐‐No, no, no. No!‐Oh my god!‐You did this, Richard!Cheers to our future endeavorstogether.‐(THUDS, SPLASHES)‐We will not mine user data.I was very clear about that.If you do not take my money,Richard...‐it will be very bad for you.‐(THUDS, SPLASHES)♪ ♪(sighs)‐A billion dollars?‐Yes.A man offered usa billion dollars,and you said no?A very bad man,and he would've turned usinto the worst possibleversion of ourselves.I mean, you can't puta price on ethics.Gilfoyle:But it seems you just did.One billion dollars.Monica... (scoffs)you were okay with this?Y‐Yes?Richard,do you remember when you turneddown $10 million from Gavin Belson?Did that start some sickaddiction to turning down money?Are you just chasing thatdragon, you sick junkie fuck?!Now, Dinesh, look,if I'd taken that 10 million,you wouldn't own two and a halfpercent of everything we've built here!Two and a half percent of abillion dollars is $25 million!Yes, but, actually,the billion dollarswas to own ten percentof the company.So, not to split hairs,you would, uh, technically,be worth...250 million.‐Fuck!‐Huh.At an interestrate of 3.65 percent,leaving a billion dollarsin the bank would get you$36.5 million a year.That's a hundred granda day. That's...‐Sixty‐nine dollars a minute.‐Sixty‐nine dollars a minute!Think about all the gold chainyou could've boughtwith that money.I actually don't think...that interest rate isaccurate because...‐even a 30‐year T‐bill is only‐‐‐Two‐point‐nine percent.‐Two‐point‐nine.‐Dinesh: All your blatheringjust now would'vemade us $2.32.Again, I‐I don't thinkthat's right because,assuming an APR of three,I cost us well under two dollars,‐so it's not even...‐(phone buzzing)Um, sorry, uh...‐Hello?‐Maximo (over phone): Richard!It's Maximo. (laughs)We are on the phone.How are you?Yeah, I know.(clears throat) I'm fine.We were just talking aboutyou, myself and Colin.‐Colin?‐Oh, yes.Colin is here.He is makingthe peace sign to you.Now, you remember how yourefused to take my money?Well, Colin, he didtake my money. So,now he is leavingyour network.Wait, to go where?Oh, to the network run bynew friend, Laurie Bream.Now, you remember when I saidif you did not take my money,it would be verybad for you?Well, let me tell you what isgoing to happen to you next.Which was too, too,too much for her,so she went down51st Street to see Dr. X,who gave her eight pills,which left her...All:Boobless.(vomits)(theme song playing)‐So, Colin's out.‐Yes.So, our profits are...zero.It's worse than that. Maximo has boughtall of Laurie's Pied Piper shares,as well as all the sharesof Big Head's dad.He now owns 30 percentof the company.So, the only way we canraise money to stay aliveis by selling shares,but the second we do that...Maximo buys them.Yeah, and when he getsa majority stake,he can do whatever he wants.Shut us down, fire all of us,‐take our IP to Laurie to use onher network. ‐He's starving us out.‐How long can we survive?‐Gilfoyle: Well,the Siege of Candialasted 21 years.Oh. Well,that's something.It ended in 1669,when the Ottoman soldierswere infected with plagueafter being attackedwith the liquidfrom the spleensand buboes of the dead.What's a bubo?Plague‐infested lymph nodes.So, they would, like,scoop them out and throw them at people?Fuck! (grunts) Fuck.Richard, did you just tryto punch the wall and miss?(clears throat) Nope.I clipped it. I got it.Sort of like that.I see. So,until a Richard Hendricksreports an assault,I‐I technically can'tturn myself in for it?That is correct.And what abouta restraining order?Can I‐I take one outagainst myself on his behalf?Cop:No.What if I threaten you guys?Just hear me out...Fucking pigs. I‐I hope that youget cheated out of your overtime.How about that,dickless?Maybe you could justtry calling the guy?Why were you talkingto the police?Oh, it was justa personal issue.You should not bring them here.Fuck the police.Jian‐Yang, you're not doinganything illegal here, are you?Yes.Where is everyone?‐(shouting in Chinese)‐(clapping)♪ ♪(murmuring)Jared is bringingchaos to the house,and chaos is badfor our business.Yeah.What is our business?I told you, it's a better forboth of us if you do not know.Oh, right. Yeah.We need to get rid of Gwart.It's the only wayto get rid of Jared.(chuckles) Gwart.Yes.♪ ♪Richard?‐Gavin.‐You look like shit.So do you.‐(chuckles)‐What happened to your hand?I punched a wall.Cool.Want a drink?Don't you thinkit's a little early‐‐It's kombucha with ginsengand lemongrass, Richard.I'm not a fucking hobo.All I wanted to do wasbe a golden millionaire.Is that too much to ask?A millionairethat gets peed on?I could see you makinghalf that happen.No, you have as manymillions as your age.I mean, everyone in the Valleyis swimming in money.Why not me?I believe your peoplehave a concept for it.‐Karma.‐Firstly,I am Muslim from Pakistan,you fucking racist.Secondly, karmadoes not exist.Otherwise, it wouldmean that bad thingshappen to me becauseI'm a bad person.Check... and check.Oh, I'm a bad person?Says the guy wholiterally worships Satan.I am a great guy.In my youth, I would'veargued that life is justa series of random events,devoid of any meaning.But as a data scientist,I have to recognizethat sometimes, patterns emerge.Undeniable patterns.Get right with the universe.Wajeed:Dinesh?‐Yo!‐Dinesh: Hey.What is up, my cousin?‐Oh!‐Hey, uh, Gilfoyle,‐you remember my cousin, Wajeed?‐Yes.Coz, I have beenmeaning to call you.Remember last yearwhen you wanted to sellall those shares ofBro that I gave you?And I was like,don't sell those shares!And you were like,"I need the money"to buy floor mats for my Tesla,so I can make a guynamed Dannyin the office feel bad."Dinesh:Good memory. Um,but, you know, Bro wasbasically out of business.It was.But so wild!After you sold those shares,I sold Bro to MoveShackfor basically nothing,and yesterday,MoveShack got "acquired"by Snapchat, and, uh...(chuckles) we crushed it!‐How much did you make?‐Oh, you won't believe this‐‐(speaking Urdu)‐(speaks Urdu)‐Sixty million dollars?Wajeed:Yes, 60 million dollars!I'm a golden millionaire!Times two!Gilfoyle:So, Dinesh sold his shares,and then your fortunesturned around. Is that right?Wajeed: Huh. Weird.It's just like that time.Remember, you, me, and Ali,we went down to play by the river...‐Oh... Boring story.‐...and then, and then Dinesh,you snuck home so thatyou could get Ali's jump ropeand play with it by yourself,without telling him,and then Ali and Ifound a giant...giant box of British candy.You love candy.Wajeed:Oh, it was the best.Anyway, I'ma golden millionaire.How about I buy drinks, yeah?‐Karma's a‐‐‐You're a bitch.Anyway, the fuckingUS governmentblocked the entire thing.Can you believe that?I pay taxes.‐I mean, I don't, but...‐Yeah.But look,I mean, I thinkwe're even morefucked than you are.We're quite a pair,aren't we?To us. To the menin the arena,living or dying underthe watchful gaze of Caesar.Are you not entertained?(phone chimes)It's, uh, from Jared Dunn.Do you remember him?Of course. How's he doing?Actually, uh, funny enough,he just bailed on meto go work for some...sexy new startup backat my old hacker hostel.Ironic. Exactly the same wayhe left me, for you.Jared alwayshad an eye for talent.Thanks, I guess.So, what was the munitionthat CIFIUS goton your case for?Some kind of...‐illegal hacking tool?‐You wanna hear the worst part?It's a fucking datingapp called Foxhole.‐An app?‐Yep!I can't shut it down because myinvestors will lose their shit,and I can't sell it becausewho the fuck wants something‐with all those restrictions on it?‐(chuckles): Right.(sighing):Anyway...Here's to us,the Shackletons,‐betrayed by nature'scruelest whims... ‐Wait.‐...her wants‐‐‐Sorry, just‐‐If I owned Foxhole,wouldn't that preventthis Chilean guyfrom buying moreof my shares?Actually, it would goeven further.He'd have to sellall the shares he already owns.Okay, so, um,if you sell me Foxhole,I mean, that wouldcertainly savemy ass, obviously,but it wouldalso save yoursbecause then you could move youroperations wherever you wanted.I mean, it's kindof perfect, right?It would benefitus both, equally.‐(laughs) Holy shit.‐Yeah.Um, look, Gavin,I know we always haven't seen eye‐to‐eye,we're not the bestof friends, but...this may bea chance to actuallyhelp each other out, right?What do you say?I mean...isn't it obvious?I say... no!‐What?‐No!Fuck no, Richard!I can't make a movethat would benefit you.You're my competition.Help no rival.It's one of the basicprinciples of business.We just spent the lasthour bonding about howthis business is comprisedof backstabbers and cutthroats.Yes, exactly!That's what this is.It's a little weirdyou don't get it.I could help you, Gavin.You already have, Richard!I mean, I was sittingup here feelingtotally just impotent,and then you came alongand exposed your underbelly,and practically begged meto plunge the knife in!I mean, I still have a deep holeto crawl out of, but thisis a fucking great start.Look at that.It barely hurts anymore.Well, if you'll excuse me,I have a triathlonto train for,and I'm suddenly feelinga wellspring of energy.Ron:Look, Richie,you're basically outta options.So, what areyou saying? That...I just lay down and die?I take issue with yourdefinition of die, my dude.I can get that Chilean cat on thephone right now and get you paid.There'sno shame in it.Musk built PayPal and sold.Hoffman built Linkedln and sold.You seen those guys lately?I don't care about the money,that's not why I got into this.Richie, can I be honestwith you for once?For once? You're my attorney.You remember the endof Thelma and Louise?How they drovethat car off the cliff?Why? That wasa mint '66 T‐Bird.They didn't need that car to get overthe cliff. Why'd that car have to die?I‐I think it hadsomething to do with, um,‐women's rights or something?‐lmportant stuff.But... sorry,what's your point?My point, Richie,is you wanna go over the cliff,Thelma, that's fine.All right? You do you.But you gotta rememberthere are 500 other peoplein the trunk that are gonnaburst into flames with you.And for what?‐Computers?‐(phone vibrating)That's Jared. He's beencalling me all day.Uh, hey, can I call you back?I'm in the middle of something.Did you talk to Gavin Belsonabout Gwart's company,and call her sexy?Richard (phone):Uh, what? No.I mean, yes,but I barely mentioned it.Did you call her sexy?Yes or no?I think I was moretalking about her tech.Jared:So, you told Gavin Belson,a lion in repose,that Gwart wasa potential threat,and now Jian‐Yang is sellingus to him for pocket change.‐Jian‐Yang can do that?‐Yeah.He owns 60 percent of the company.He can do whatever he wants.Gavin is shuttingus down, Richard.Gwart is so mad,she won't even look at me.‐Richard: Aah, fuck.‐You know, if you want revengeon me, that's fine.But to go after Gwart?She doesn't haveyour savvy or yourruthlessness, Richard.Hell, she has to wearearplugs on hikesbecause the forest is too loud.Look, I was only talkingto Gavin to save Pied Piper.I‐I had no idea he was‐‐A monster? Of course you did!That's all you talkedabout for years!"Gavin is a monster.Poor Pied Piper.I'm Richard Hendricks."I don't thinkmy voice is that deep.I mean, who isthe buddy‐fucker now?‐You are the buddy‐fucker.‐(line clicks, beeps)(sighs)So, we gonna save that T‐Bird, or arewe gonna take her right over the cliff?Richard:So, uh,look, I‐I know it'snot a billion dollars,but, um, giventhe situation...it's actuallya very good deal.Do you want to sellthe company?No, I don't.Dinesh, I don't, but...Ron is right.Maximo is gettingit no matter what.Why just give it away?‐Right. Yeah.‐(phone chimes)Look, anyway, youguys have done...everything I've asked for,so, uh, you all deserve this.Well, we can take the moneyand still be good people, right?Plus, Richardis the CEO,so I have to followhis orders.I mean, no one's everbeen a bad person'cause they followedorders, right?You guys, there'sreally no other option.‐Yes, there is.‐What? No.Okay, if Hooli won'tsell us Foxhole...‐we could just buy Hooli.‐(laughs)Right. Yeah.The‐the same way we can buyAmerica and everything in it.No, I‐I'm serious. We just foundout how much Hooli's worth,and it's not that much.Sorry, how do we knowhow much Hooli's worth?♪ ♪Gilfoyle: Gavin bought Gwart'scompany using Hooli stock?Mm‐hmm. And when he did,he tipped his hand.He really ran itinto the ground.Yeah, and Maximo'soffer's so strongthat our price just shot up.Holy shit. We'reworth more than Hooli.Uh, hey Jared, uh,‐thank you for‐‐‐Save it.I'm not doing this for you.I'm doing it for Gwart.The second you own Hooli,you release usto become independent,non‐negotiable.Of course. Sure, yeah.If that's what you want. Cool.(sighs) So, guys...are we reallydoing this?Fuck it. Yeah.I think we have to.We have tosleep on it.Richard:Okay.We're gonna buy Hooli. (laughs)Big question,‐how do we buy Hooli?‐Monica: Well,in order to get the cash,we have to sell a chunkof our shares to someoneother than Maximo,and, I mean,whoever we rope into thatis gonna lose a fortune.‐Because...? ‐Richard: Well,we'd be selling to themat our currenthigh price.And when we acquireHooli and Foxhole,CIFIUS will force Maximoto dump all his shares,and our valuationwill plummet.And I couldn't dothat to anyone.Oh? Couldn't you?Yeah, I‐I'm not sureI could do it either.Okay! Deal breaker then, right?'Cause there's no oneI could do that to either.Oh, isn't there...bro?Oh, God damn it.You want me to bean investor in your company?‐I do.‐Wow,that‐that is so cool.But I don't know whyI'm surprised becauseyou're literallythe greatest guy that I know.‐What?‐Yeah! I mean,literally last week, Farooq wascalling me, and he was like,"Hey, you knowwho's a good guy?"And I was like,"My cousin Dinesh!"And he was like,"Yes. Yes, your cousin,‐Dinesh."‐That's me.It's hard for me to say, but I‐Ithink we should hang out more, okay?And that's my fault,and I promise that I will call youas soon as meand my friends get back.Where you guys going?Oh, we're just gonna godown to the North Shorebecause... (chuckles)I bought 80 acresin Hawaii, bro!And the beach is, like,pretty private or whatever,but there's, like, fashionshoots and supermodels‐‐Just sign it.Thank you, triathletes,for being here todayto support a wonderfulcause, HooliCares.Hooli cares.Do you?(laughing)Take your marks.(starter pistol fires)Gilfoyle:He's in the water.You sure?I cracked intoGavin's HooliWatch.Don't ask me how I did it.I've got real‐time GPS location,blood pressure, bodytemperature, heart rate.I can even see where he isin his menstrual cycle.Looks like a goodday to fuck him.(clears throat)So, I guess we're gonnatalk all damn day?‐That the play?‐Richard: Uh, no. No.We're calling him,okay? So...‐let's do this. ‐Okay.'Cause it just seemed like...Lex Skelton. Hey, uh, it's,um, Richard Hendricks.I'd like to askfor you to callan emergency meeting ofthe Hooli board of directors.♪ ♪Flank that littlefucker in the black cap!Uh, we've tried to, uh,contact Gavin Belson,but, uh, he hasn't responded.We do, however, have a quorum.Let's proceed.Great. Well, I wouldlike to present youwith an offer, and, uh, judgingby the current state of Hooli,I think you'll find itvery interesting.(applause, cheering)All right, accordingto the company charter,Gavin Belson does havetwo hours to formally object.Right. Yeah, two hours,so...That's no problem at all.You've seen my offer,but unless everyoneagrees to sell,there's no dealbecause I needtotal controlof the company.‐So, who's in?‐Lex: Richard,I expect a lot of usare on the fence here.Personally, I've been withGavin for a lot of years,and believe‐‐Oh.Everyone?All right. I suppose I won'tstand in the way then.Okay!Good, yeah.I'll just email youthe long form,and you can just eSign‐‐eSign? No!We don't do that.‐What?‐Lex: Never have, never will.You want this deal to close,you bring us the forms,get everyone's hard signature,and then bring themto me to countersign.Is that a problem?No.More push, more push, more push!♪ ♪(panting)Dinesh:Whoa, he just sped up!There's been some lag,but I think he's on the bike.‐Richard: Okay, we gotta hustle, guys.‐I'm aware.All right, everybody knowwhere they're going?You go, you get the signatures,‐we meet at Lex's offices, yeah?‐Yeah.Richard:Okay. Quick, quick.(crowd cheering)Come on, come on, come on!(panting)(gargling)Go, go, go!One down.The next one's up on Market.Just up this blockand take a right.Is that what the GPS says?‐N‐no, I‐‐‐Okay, do you wanna drive?‐No, Jared. Look‐‐ ‐Woman(on radio): I'm Terry Gross.‐Look, should we maybetalk about‐‐ ‐My guest is(louder): a medical bioethicist who learnedabout opioid dependence the hard way.You know, I really oughtto consult with my wifebefore I make sucha big financial decision.You're really gonna leta woman tell you what to do?Over here!(panting)‐(clears throat)‐Oh, thank you.Almost done here.Gavin's juststarting the run.His blood O2 is dog shit.(panting)‐Plan J, sir?‐Plan J!(panting)Jay!You are my spitting image.I'll meet you a quartermile from the finish line.Go, go, go, go, go!♪ ♪(inhales)I still got it, Hoover.I know you do, sir.As long as Jaydoesn't fuck up,I'm gonna beatmy personal record.Let's see,we started at 10:00,and now it's...I gave Jay my watch.(clears throat)The fuck?!Turn around!Turn around, Hoover!‐Yes, sir.‐(honks horn)Mother fuck!‐Lex: So, you've got them allsigned, have you? ‐Richard: Yeah.And you can just, uh,countersign all that, and‐and,your form to signis at the end there.Do that, and we'llbe out of your way.(sighs)Fresca.(sighs)Ah.Let's have a look‐see, huh?"To whom it may...concern."Okay, and actually,the signature page‐‐‐I've done these things before!‐Yep.No, I know.I know.What do you meannot to be disturbed?I just got a milliontexts that he's aboutto sign awaymy whole fucking company!It's Gavin fucking Belson,you clattering magpie!Hello?Fuck!We need to getto Lex's. Now!All right. Seven down,‐one to go!‐(clears throat)Yep. Yeah,just finish signingthat form there,and we will‐‐‐(door bangs open)‐Stop! Lex, stop!Gavin?‐Huh?‐I thought he was in the race.‐Gavin.‐Yeah, he is.Looks like he's waiting abouta mile from the finish line.‐(panting)‐Oh.You are a sneaky littlegladiator, aren't you, Richard?But the Hooli charter,which I wrote,gives me the rightto block this transaction.Uh, no. It doesn't.Richard:Yeah, that's right. You, uh,you had two hours,which lapsed‐‐Seven minutes ago.I'm afraid they're right.Shit.Okay, fine!I can't block it!But come on, Lex!We have a history together!You wrote the veryfirst check to Hooli.You're not gonna turnyour back on 30 yearsof making moneytogether, are you?I know we're not in thestrongest position right now,but I will fight my way back,that's what I do.I‐I kick and I scrapand I‐I play dirty.Anything to win!I‐I‐I could'vebailed Richard out,but I didn't! I fucked him!And then,I fucked over..."world poker tour" there!Just for the spite of it,just because I could!Look, forget allthe bullshit aboutmaking the worlda better place.The most valuablecompanies in this valleywere built and runby‐by savages,who cheat to win.Zuckerberg, and Jobs,and me, Gavin Belson.So please, Lex,put the pen down.Leave your money where it is.Richard:If this is a competitionto find out whothe shittier person is,I'm not sure it's somethingthat I can add to.Dinesh:I can.‐Dinesh?‐This must be said.Gavin, you think you'rethe most spiteful guy in town,but you're not even the mostspiteful guy in this room.The truth is...I'm a bad person.How do you think we gotthe money for this deal?I lied to my cousin's face.He is going to lose$40 million, give or take,plus his estatein Hawaii... I hope.See?! I suck!Did you know that insteadof breaking up with a girlthat scared me, I calledthe FBI and sent her to prison?‐The Teslas.‐Dinesh: Right.I pressuredmy direct reportsto buy Teslas thatthey could not affordbecause I wanted betterwheels than a guy named Danny.And I was eight years old,I stole my friendAli's jump ropeand tied it to the backof a truck that drove away,and then I told him I hadno idea what happened to it.And when he criedhimself to sleep,I ate his Britishcandy and told himGod took it becausehe hated him.‐Jesus!‐Dinesh: So,if this decision isgoing to come downto who is the most spiteful,then, respectfully, sir...‐Lex: Stop! Stop!‐...I would argue‐‐Just stop talking!I don't wanna be in businesswith any of you people.I don't even wanna bein the same room with you!I'm gonna sign thisand take my money out.Oop! Gonna miss my bus.Ugh...Excuse me. Excuse me.Excuse me.Think you won?(laughing): Fuck you,Richard Hendricks.The Valley is smalland the road is long.Just keep lookingover your shoulder.Gentlemen.And lady‐‐ Ow!Hoover! Help!(door opens)Richard:Guys...‐(door shuts)‐Did we...Just buy Hooli?Yeah, we did.Holy shit.‐(laughing)‐Feels pretty good!Wajeed is gonna beso pissed at me.And mom'sgonna kill me.So, I guess, uh, everyonegot what they want.(clears throat)Well, actually, uh, Jared.Hey, uh...I just wanna say, like...I'm really sorryabout everything,and, uh, well,of course, I'd be happyto give you and Gwartyour company back.That's obvious.And also, if you...needed office space,we'd be happyto have you. Um...I guess, I don't know,I just... I miss you, man.Whatever, I don't care.Monica: Jesus.Yeah, it's sortof his thing.(sighs)All right,well, everybody'sgathered out there,‐so you should probablysay something. ‐Okay.Be gracious and don'texpect too much.What are you talkingabout? I mean,won't they be happy?I freed them from Gavin.I mean, that's oneway of looking at it.Or, your company justswallowed theirs,and you fired theirfounder and CEO.They're probably a littlefreaked out. They wanna knowthat they're gonnakeep their jobs.But we don'tknow if they will.‐Right.‐Yeah.Well, you'll think ofsomething. Just be yours‐‐‐Keep it short.Keep it short. ‐Yeah.‐("Comin' Thru" by Chali2na playing) ‐Okay... Okay.♪ Comin' through today ♪♪ Welcome to Terrordome ♪♪ I'm your host, the friendlyneighborhood baritone ♪♪ Vocals channelthe spirits of old poets ♪♪ I don't drink, my glassnever behold Moet ♪♪ Similar toPaul Laurence Dunbar ♪♪ From the crew you thought wasjust all chorus and one star ♪♪ Now, I'm one‐sixth ofa clique that runs shit ♪♪ While commercial counterpartsare in constant conflict ♪♪ I'm coming through today ♪♪ A lot of details,on my body be scales ♪♪ I'm from Ida B. Wells ♪♪ People see me feelinggood times since like 11 ♪♪ With a really deep militantmind like Michael Evans ♪♪ Every posse recline,watch me get applause ♪♪ Forming reservoirson your desert shores ♪♪ Your witnessing mentaland verbal fitness friend ♪♪ Tuna fish that descendedfrom Lake Michigan ♪‐♪ Hey, wait a minute, fish ♪‐♪ What? ♪♪ Who are you? ♪♪ I'm Charlie 2na ♪‐♪ Coming through today ♪‐♪ Competition listen ♪♪ You got work to do... ♪♪ ...Coming straightfrom Chi' ♪♪ All day when I say thatI'm much more than just... ♪♪ (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS) ♪DINESH CHUGTAI: This is a videocalled Maximizing Alphaness.You just gottasubconsciously absorb it.This is the dumbest thingI've ever seen.Fuck yeah.It turns out my real parentsare alive. (CHUCKLES)So you gave me up to simplifyyour first class air travel?That's a clear row across.A, B, C, and D.ETHAN: Do we think this photoof Richard is funny?He was acting like your boss.You need to assert dominance.‐(GRUNTS)‐Ah!It's complicated. You'rethe only one who got hurt.♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪