Why isn't this book about tech?I didn't write about techbecause tech destroys worlds.- And I, I wanted to create...- (CLAPPING)May I have a tokenfor the restroom, please?ETHAN: So, you guysare planning to buildyour own external antennasto deploy for the Hawaii test?Why not just give awayHooli phones for the test?I don't wanna use Hooli shitany more than you guys,but this will get us to Hawaii.HOOVER: MSNBC wantedto interview you about beingan "anti-tech evangelist."What did Publishers Weekly sayabout my book?Publishers Weekly is a...terrible magazine, sir.Call Maddow.- (PHONE PINGS)- It's from Gwart."I'm dissolving my companyand taking a job elsewhere."I'm free to return to workwith Richard.Your position's been filled.No, it hasn't.♪ ♪(MOTORCYCLE RUMBLING)(ROARING)(ROARING)(MANIACAL LAUGHTER)♪(EXPLOSION)(EXPLOSION)(EXPLOSION)(EXPLOSIONS)(MUSIC ENDS)Fuck yeah, right?You see the chickin the racism car?I banged her inthe famine truck.I-I'm sorry. What is this?It's the trailer formy festival, RussFest.Three days of partying, sucking,and fucking on a plot of landso far out even Nevadabarely wants it.I'll be servingTres Commas exclusively.It's gonna be like Burning Man,except I'll makea fuckton of money.So, Earning Man?I literally love you,you spooky fuck. So, we in?- In what?- RussFest.There's no internet in themiddle of the desert, Richard.Maybe that's whyno one lives out there.I don't know,I'm not an archaeologist.All I know is they'retelling me it's gonna costa fucking fortune to getthe infrastructure out there.Unless you guys do it for free.- Why would we do it for free?- Because it's cool.- It's good for your brand.- RICHARD: Well, Russ,we appreciate the interest...I like where this is going.- But...- Fuck!Uh, right now,we are trying to launcha huge pilot program in Hawaii.Dinesh is actuallyheading out therefirst thing tomorrow morning,and I am about to sit downwith the network operationspresident of AT&T,trying to closethis massive deal,but that all depends ongetting Hawaii right.There's just no waywe could do both.And you would ratherdo Hawaii than RussFest?I would ratherdo my own mother than RussFest.How come whenever youguys wanna do some shit,I'm always like, "fuck yeah!"But whenever I wannado some cool shit,you guys piss all over it!You know what? Gimme this.Have fun shoving pineapplesup each other's dick holes!And pussy holes.You creepy fuck.(THEME SONG PLAYING)What have I beentelling you, Lawrence?Impressive. Very impressive.- Looking forward to talking a lot more.- Yeah.Yeah, definitely.(INAUDIBLE)- Richard!- (GASPS) Whoo!- Sorry. Um, how did it go?- Cool.Well, I wanna keep it onthe down-low, but, uh...- (SLAMS DOOR)- Fuck.Is that joy?It could not have gone better.When they found out howmuch money they could saveby using us to helpsimplify their 5G rollout,they practicallyshit themselves.(LAUGH) This could bebigger than we thought.Monica, we could beon 100 million phones.- Holy shit.- Yeah.- Okay. Let's not get ahead of ourselves.- Yeah.- You know, focus on Hawaii, make sure we land the plane.- Yeah.It's weird. I actuallydon't know what to dowhen things are going well.It is not natural.(CHUCKLING)- Yeah.- Okay.Ha, ha, ha!HOST: What's thenewest killer appcoming out of Silicon Valley?Would you believe ethics?It's all thanksto our first guest,a former big-tech CEOturned responsibletech evangelist...You know what?Not even this turdis gonna bring medown right now.HOST: Caution and accountability.Thanks for being here.GAVIN: Well, I alwaysfind time for you, Gabby.Please. No one is buyingyour bullshit, Gavin.GAVIN:My message invigorates me.For too long, theselarge tech companieshave harvested our data,they have violated our privacy,they have trackedour every move.They is you, you hypocrite.You did that. He did that!Starting today, I will be askingprominent members ofthe tech communityto sign their name onto this.A code of conduct,authored by me,that pledges themto a universal ethos,which I created,that I call, "tech ethics,"or, "tethics" for short.- Oof.- GABBY: Tethics. Clever.- (GIGGLING)- No. No, it isn't.Fuck that guy.Honestly, fuck that guy.Richard, I have your tea.No one in townis ever gonna signthis hypocrite's- hypocritical garbage.- GABBY: Well, I'm sold.- Can I sign?- GAVIN: Well, you have to lead a corporation.Okay. And how about you at home?and let us know where you stand.Sure, yes, I will.Get ready for some opinions.Holden?Why is the televisionon the news?Jared, I don't need youtelling me my job, okay?Holden, um,I know things have beena bit antagonistic between us.We've been like, uh,Tonya Harding and Nancy Kerrigan.But, I've been thinking aboutit, and you work for Richard,and I want what's best for him'cause I want him to behappy, so from now on...you're my friend.You're my best friend.Even if you makethe occasional oopsie.Are you fucking with me?Why would I do thatto my best friend?- Love you like a brother.- Uh...Absolutely not.We haven't told youwhat we want yet.- Irrelevant.- Sit down.- Thank you.- TRACY: I'd like to talk to youabout your Piper-Pulse numbers.GILFOYLE: I'd like that, Tracy,because I have no ideawhat the fuck that is.Of course you do.It's the system that Tracy createdfor employees to givefeedback on senior management.TRACY:The point is, I happen to knowa lot of folks over at AT&T,and I think it might help usif I back-channel some ofthe information I've gathered.But before I do,I'd like to tell you how you're doing.I know how I'm doing.I'm fucking killing it.I'm buildinggreat shit out there.Yes. Your acumen scoresare excellent.On a scale of one to 10,you're at a 9.9.So, all 10's and...- Dinesh.- But, it's yourinterpersonal ratingI'd like to drill down on.It's at 1.5.Your coworkers findyou unapproachable,rude,and capable of great hurtwith an unsettling stare.Okay.We want AT&T to seea thriving company.If you really makea concerted effortat outreach and team building,- you could get your numbers up.- GILFOYLE: Tracy.I appreciate youwanting to participatein the world of numbers.I find it endearing.But yours are horseshit.They measure nothing.If I wanted to,I could have all 10'sby the end of the week.Gilfoyle, metricslike Piper-Pulseare a widely accepted measureof how your peersfeel about you.Speaking of, Monica,your interpersonal is at a 2.- What?- Huh.No, that's just becausePriyanka and her little...witch's nest over at Foxholeare bringing my numbers down.No. Most of your lower scoresare coming from engineers,who are 84% male.Maybe you should trysome of that outreach.Whatever I do,I'm sure I could do it better than you.Two days.All 10's.Deal.- (INDISTINCT CHATTER)- Aloha. Aloha to you.Aloha. Alo...- Oh, hey, Dinesh.- What the fuck.I like your beard.Um, why are you here?Where's AJ?Oh, AJ can't come.You wanted himto become a certified scubabefore the trip, right?Yeah, so we could...fucking scuba, Gabe.Well, he finished all hischeck dives last night,but you have to wait24 hours before you fly,so we decided to trade places.- For the day?- Uh, no.F-for-for all of it.- Why?- Because it...- it-it'd be easier?- No.And what are youdoing in first class?So, the pilot is from Pakistan.I said, "Hey, I know a guy from Pakistan.I work with him."And then he said,"Hey, why don't youcome to the frontand sit in the big chairs."B-but that's me.I'm the guy from Pakistan.I told him that, and then he...And then he put me here.Okay, but I,the guy from Pakistan...- Right.- Am back in economy.Sir? You're gonna needto take your seat.And Captain Bashirwanted you to havethese samosas his mother made.Oh. No, thank you.♪ ♪(TYPING)You got to befucking kidding me.Hey, Danny? Excuse me?- What are you wearing?- A shirt.(SCOFFS)- Oh my God.- I think a lot of what Gavin is saying makes sense.Yeah, of course it does.I've been saying it for years.- So, you agree with him?- Well, no. He is full of shit.But, you aren't, even thoughyou're saying the same things?Yeah, because I mean it!And I said it first!That feels petty and personal,which is againstGavin's code of tethics.- What does that even mean?- Hey, Richard,- are you signing Gavin's pledge?- Ah, what?Because I'm getting a lotof heat from my friendsover at Facebook for workingat an untethical company.Okay, cool. So, Facebookis calling us untethical.Yeah, because theysigned the pledge.So did Googleand Amazon and Twitter.- Don't care.- DANNY: Speaking of,even if you don't sign,could you at leaststop tweeting about it?"Anyone who signs thisTethics thing is a thumbass"?- That doesn't even make sense.- (CHUCKLE) Yes, it does.It's dumb-ass but with thumb.Thumbass.It's basically perfect.Tethics is tech ethics.What's the thumb part?And why are you tweeting thatfrom your personal account?The Verge referred to youas "notable tethics holdout"and amateur insult comedianRichard Hendricks."(SIGH) - Andy Borowitz wrotea pointed piece about you- called "Doubting Richard."- Ah, see? That doesn't really make any sense.I mean, what's the pun?What am I supposed to be enjoying there?- Now, you're harshing on Borowitz?- Well yeah,if he's coming upwith those zingers.If you like Andy Borowitz somuch, why don't you marry him?Says the guy who's threemonths behind in child support.A dog is not a child!- Uh...- Michael Eisenbergfrom AT&T is on the phone.- He says it's urgent.- Ah, great.Hey, Michael, what's up?- Did you just publicly insult my boss?- What? No."Anyone who signs thisTethics thing is a thumbass."Well, my boss just signedGavin Belson's pledge.- He did? Why?- MICHAEL: Becauseloudmouths like you got upin front of Congressand whined about how somebody neededto do something about big tech.Okay, I did that one time...MICHAEL:And now, Gavin has managedto paint himself as that guy.And we all have to fall in line,or we'll be in PR hell.Or worse! We'll facegovernment regulation.- MICHAEL: Look, have you read his pledge?- (LAUGHS)No, of course not. It's trash.The first line says,"We, the undersigned,promise to make best efforts to,"blah, blah, blah.Best efforts, Richard.It's totally toothless.Yes. Exactly, Michael.That's entirely my point.It's all empty bullshit.It means nothing.MICHAEL: Then who the fuckcares, Richard?Do not fuck this all upover a pointless moral stand!- Okay.- MICHAEL: Sign the fucking pledge!Oh, and stop tweeting aboutthumbs up people's asses.- Oh. No, th-that's wordplay.- (HANGS UP, DIAL TONE)Michael?♪ ♪That is one lucky mug,Holden, my friend.- Please stop.- Stop what?- You're just trying to creep me out so that I'll quit.- (LAUGHS) What?I mean, why wouldn'tsomebody be nice to you?Are you a piece of shit?(CHUCKLES)- GABE: Oh hey, Dinesh.- DINESH: Okay, listen, Gabe.I spent the entireflight streamliningour setup procedure,so I am gonna takethe rental convertibleand drive tower to tower,most of which are on pristinebeaches or scenic volcanoesto check coverage while yousit at the office by yourself.- Welcome...- Oh! No! No! I get it.- Put it on me. I-I don't want the plastic one.- Are you one of the first cla...Put it on me.Put it on me. Put it...Aloha.♪ ♪Richard.To what do I owe the pleasure?Just calling to, you know.To what, Richard?- Sign your thing.- GAVIN: My thing? To sign my thing?I sense a certain lackof commitment, Richard.I mean, if I suspectedthe only reasonyou wanted to lendyour name to my causewas because of the enormouspressure you're probably facingas a notable holdout, well,how could I allow youto add your nameto my tethics pledge?That would be... untethical.Gavin, come on. Just...can we get this over with?GAVIN:Then again, the idea of youpublicly committingto the cause,that gives me joy.So yes, Richard, I'd be happyto be your moral mentor.I guess I'll see youat the ceremony.- What ceremony?- GAVIN: The groundbreaking- for the Institute.- Richard: What fucking institute?The Belson Institute of Tethics.It's all on our website.You and the otherswill all be thereto publicly committo the pledge.Also, I'm gonna be askingyou to say a few words.Just a bit about howmuch of a fan you are,dedicated to the cause, mycause, maybe lead with a joke.Be good to haveyou there, Richard.Securing my legacywith you at my wing.Wear pants you can kneel in.Hey, Nathan!I was, uh, perusingyour file, and I just...Hey.- What?- Sorry. I just, um,I was quicklyperusing your file...That's not what peruse means.Peruse means to readthoroughly and carefully.Wow. That... that's...super helpful.Thank you for that tip.Um, anyway, yeah,I was just curious to know,like, what's it like...growing up in Rhode Island?Well, maybe some time whenyou're working on something,I can come interrupt your flowand use words incorrectlyto tell you about it.Got it.Oh, you own a Prius?Popular choice. Later, Daniel.What?♪ ♪Well, you win.That is the worst caseof contact dermatitisI have ever seen.- The itching is so insane!- Right.- It's like from the inside!- Warren!Come here, I want you to see something.This is Warren,our resident.This is his first week.Warren, I want you to noticethe violent allergic reactionto the plumeria flowersused in the patient's lei,which is weird.Normally, they justhand out plastic ones.Just make it stop!Well, the good news is a stronganti-histamine shot oughtatake care of it in no time.Oh! Great! Yeah! The shot!Just-just gimme the shot!Now, before we proceed,I should warn you the shot,it works like gangbusters,but it does tend to causeacute sensitivity to sunlight,so you're gonnawanna stay indoors- for four to six weeks.- What?!Warren, no!We wait until afterI've explainedall the possible complications,and only then,do we administer the injection.- Did you say four to six weeks?- Yep.Otherwise, you're gonna be backhere for something a lot worse.All right, well...that was a teachablemoment, huh?- Yeah. Sure.- Yeah.♪ ♪(VIDEO GAME NOISES)I got next.And, uh, better watch out'cause I am the queenof Asteroids.- Are you trying to cut in line?- You don't need a quarter.It's on free play, duh.We get it.You make more money than us.Okay, you know what?- CARL: Gilfoyle, you're awesome.- Carl.You're doin' it.♪ ♪What the fuck?My man."Integrity.We do the right thing.- "We are committed to the highest ethical standards."- It's all suchbanal, self-righteous,hacky bullshit.- And I have to endorse it?- Yeah.It is particularly pedestrianpablum, even for Gavin."Responsibility. We contribute"to the growth, joy,and enrichmentof all the lives we touch.- "Courage..."- Wait, uh,- what was that last one?- Responsibility?Uh, "We contributeto the growth",joy, and enrichmentof all the lives we touch."Holden!Can you bring the menubook in here, please?Hi, guy!- Here you go.- Thanks.Yes. You are a good boy.Are you hungry?I am. Holden.Holden.Holden.Holden...Ah, good. Applebee's. We were...ordering from herethe other night,and we were all joking aboutthis, uh... Yes, look.Uh, so, their mission statementis right near their nachos,and we were sayingthat this is not-chomission statement.- (CHUCKLING)- Wait, I'm sorry.Was that a joke?That. It's... it's a pun.- Right.- It's just like thumbass, you know.It's in the same genre.- JARED: Like what?- Thumbass? I've been saying it a lot.- (CHUCKLES)- Read it, read it."At Applebee's,our mission is to contribute"to the growth, joy..."and enrichment of all thelives we touch." Wait...That's word for wordwhat's in Gavin's pledge.Yes, it is.- You don't think...- That's exactly what I think.Read me another one ofGavin's frilly sentences."Maintaining our uncompromisingprinciples while we grow."(TYPING)(SCOFFS) That's Starbucks.Okay, again."Enhance the qualityof life for all ages."- That's the AARP.- Yes!My best friend Gloria wasa charter member for 35 years- before she passed.- RICHARD: The question is...if Gavin stole hisentire code of conductfor this stupidfucking foundation,what else has he been stealing?MONICA: All right, I give up.Even this stupidhair didn't work.How are you gettingthese people to like you?I'm not gettinganyone to like me.Bullshit.I've seen you out there.It's like you have a non-evil twin.It's very weird.Monica...gaining someone'sconfidence is easy.Appear open and interestedby mimicking their body languageand repeating whatthey say back to them.So, you just repeatwhat they say?I just repeat what they say.I was social engineering them.Once trust is established,the social engineer simplyoffers up information,and the subject willreciprocate: Pets names,kids names, birthdays.Then, thatinformation is enteredinto a word list generator.Pop it with their hashinto John The Ripper,and within minutes,you have their passwords.So, you're just gonna changeall your scores to 10's?Yep.Can you do mine, too?I don't actuallywant them to like me.I hate them.I really fucking hate them.I just don't like having 2's.You know,I could raise both of our scoresand continue this charade. Or...I could lower someone else's,and put an end to theseshenanigans once and for all.I like it.(CLINK)(APPLAUSE)Thank you.It's quite an event, eh?See down there?It's Facebook, Google,even fucking Bezos sent someone.All here to supportthe cause. My cause.(INDISTINCT SPEAKER)- You know who else showed up?- Mm.Starbucks.Very good company.Filled with smart peoplewith bold ideas.- I suppose.- Also,Anusol Plus.Do you have hemorrhoids, Gavin?Not currently.Made by Johnson & Johnson,also a good company.Do you know what they do?They spark solutionsthat create a better,healthier world.Just like you.You remember writing that?I'm a busy man, Richard.I've lived an incredible life.I saw a yeti one time,and forgot for a couple years.Well,I ran your little pledgethrough a plagiarismdetection API.What are you implying, Richard?Well, I also lookedat transcripts ofyour interviews and speeches.Your commencement speech atLiberty University. Stolen,from an obscureAfghan philosopher.And also, do you seethat guy right there?That is Rod Morgenstern,the author of"The Nautilus of Dreams,"the eBook you blatantlyplagiarized and turned into."Cold Ice Cream and Hot Kisses."Do you know how muchharder my life has been- because I cared about ethics?- Tethics.I could've lost my companya dozen different timesbecause I couldn't compromise- on my ethics, and now you're turning ethics...- Tethics.- Tethics.- Into some kind of fucking vanity project.- Tethics, Richard. Tethics.- Stop it.Something I came upwith on my own.Well, it sounds fuckin' dumb.What do you want?Ever since I turneddown your $10 million,all I ever wanted wasfor you to just go away.But, you and Hooli have triedto fuck me overa thousand different ways.You're a billionaire.You can do anything you want.You can run for president orbuy a fuckin' basketball team,but you can't do this.And I'm gonna make sure of it.So, if you'll excuse me,I have to...look over my speech.(SPEAKER CONTINUES)Hey!So, you guys raised some issueswith Piper-Pulse,so I really started looking into it,and it turns out,there are some...real problems with itsreliability as a metric. So,I'm shutting it down.- Aw.- Hm.But the scores are derivedfrom our coworkers,the most reliable indicatorof job performance.Yeah, maybe we could help.You know,- I'm sure if we took a look under the hood...- No!Bad system. Didn't work.Thank you.(CLINK)(SPEAKING NATIVEAMERICAN LANGUAGE)(SCATTERED APPLAUSE)Oh, I guess I'm up.- (CLAPPING)- Thank you.Thank you, Elder Red Spirit,for those profound...sentiments.I'm sorry.I, uh...I can't do this.(SIGH) As humbling as it isto have all of you sittinghere, paying tribute to me,I have to be honest.I have been anythingbut ethical.In truth, I ama plagiarist, and a liar,and a thief.Ironically, the very...code of virtue I've askedyou all to abide by was,in itself, stolen.And perhaps, some day,someone mayerect a foundationthe likes of this.But it will not be,and should not,be me.And in the interestof being truly honest,this is not new behavior.I have, for years and years,practiced a parasiticand cynical brand ofpredatory capitalism thatleaves nothing to be admired.Ethics? Not a priority.In fact, my behaviormay have bordered on criminal.And to those I havewronged by this,I apologize.But apologies are cheap,aren't they?There must be a reckoning.Which is why today,here in this public forum,I call for the attorney generalof the state ofCalifornia to launchan immediate investigationof my conduct as CEO of Hooli...- (CROWD MURMURING)- leaving no stone unturned.The truth mustfinally be revealed.I apologizefor putting you allthrough this, especially...those of you whoactually lead lives of...real virtue.- (SIGHS)- (CROWD MURMURING)Hey, Gavin.I know that wasn't easy.Sure about that?Should've takenthe $10 million, Richard.Enjoy the injunction, thumbass.What?Okay, Donny. Yeah, you, too,and I appreciate it, by the way.All right, I'll catch youon the flip side.(SIGH) Okay, so, this is real.The AG just told me they'relaunching an investigationinto Gavin's price fixingand anti-competitive behaviorwhile he was at Hooli,and Gavin called it.So, obviously,the first move is to filean injunction againstany further merging betweenHooli and Pied Piper.Okay. W-what doesinjunction mean?- What does that mean?- It meansuntil thisinvestigation concludes,you are prohibitedfrom mixing any more.Hooli chocolate withthe Pied Piper peanut butter.Well, we're in the middleof merging our codebases.- Yeah, unmerge them.- Well, that's impossible.I mean, Christ, we're usingHooliPhones in our Hawaii test.So, by calling foran investigationinto his own behaviors,he can kill us?Fuckin' Gavin Belson.Fuckin' Gavin Belson.- (CHUCKLING)- (MOCKING LAUGHTER)Is this fun? I'm sorry.Are-are you admiring him?You got to separatethe artist from the art,Rico. I mean, this is...elegant, you know?This is, this is graceful.This is kinda like, uh...What's the, uh,what's the name of that...- ballerina dude?- Baryshnikov.- No.- Nureyev?- No...- Does it fucking matter, Ron? Who cares?We're paralyzed!We're gonna be broke!Shit, yeah. And,now Gavin's gonna beable to buy Pied Piperfor pennies on the dollar.He is underinvestigation, right?So, something badcan happen to him.Worst case, they findhe acted in bad faith,and then Hooli's got to paya big fine or something.But you own Hooli, so...you'd have to pay that fine.Fucking ninja!(SIGH)We're dead.Gregory Hines!Dancer guy.He's an American treasure.RUSS: Richard Hendricks!What's up? (GRUNT)Right? Right?Read it. Get it?- Now say it.- Look, Russ, I don't really have time for you right now.Or your festival,if that's why you're here.The Attorney Generalof Californiajust signed ourfuckin' death warrant.Yeah, I heard Belsongaped your asshole today- and not in that fun way.- Cool.Great. Well,I've got to go insideand tell everyone, so...No, you don't, you lucky fuck.(CLICKING TONGUE)Lucky fucky. Richard,Don Delarenta,the AG of California,is gonna do whateverthe fuck I tell him to do.- Why?- 'Cause I have dirt on him.Two years ago, he hadan open-and-shut caseagainst a guy whocommitted terrible crimes,but he didn't prosecute him'cause that guy bribed himand I can prove it.You think the fuckin' AG isgonna wanna let the public seethat he didn't prosecutea guy who did this?- Oh, my God! Holy fuck!- Or this?- Or this? Jesus, look at that.- Fuck me!Hold on, wait... Is that you?Yeah. So is this. This.Here's portrait mode.- There's a panoramic in here somewhere.- I get it, Russ.Are you the one thatcommitted the terrible crimes?Yeah. And that dirtbaglet me off because I contributedhalf a mil to his campaign.Now I had told himI'd delete the photos,but what that moron didn'tcount on is that I'd forget.So, Richard. Question.Should I make the call?You ready to dump Hawaii,and join RussFest?♪ ♪Ah? Ah? Ah?You're not really givingme much of a choice.Ah!Don Delarenta, please.Tell him it's Russ Hanneman.He'll know.- (SCUBA BREATHING)- GABE: Uh, hey, Dinesh?- Oh hey, Dinesh.- (CLICK)(PHONE VIBRATING)Hey, Richard, what's up?You want me to come home? Like,leave Hawaii?No!Wait, for what?So, bitches, what do you think?♪ ♪DINESH: It's beautiful.RUSS: Tres Commas!Boom!♪ ♪(LAUGHTER OVER ELECTRONIC BEAT)♪ ♪♪ ♪Hey, Gilfoyle. So, I've beenthinking about your AIand its many deficits...Your issue may be insecurity,masked by false bravadoand unisex cologne.(SCOFFS) It's not unisex.(SNIFFS)♪ (HIP HOP MUSIC PLAYS) ♪Richard! Russ Fest!You told AT&T that the hologramwould be interactive, right?Yes.See, asshole?!My hologram can 100 percentdry hump festival goersfrom behind.If they ask for it.Hashtag-woke.Well, the purchasingseems stable.Everything is amazing.- (PANICKED SCREAMS)- What's it doing?BERTRAM GILFOYLE:Everything was fine,and then the networkstarted deteriorating.Also, his trailerwas filled with ants.♪ (MUSIC INTENSIFIES) ♪What did we do?Am I going to jail?Hey. I can train you.♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪