I am about to sit downwith AT&T,trying to closethis massive deal,but that all dependson getting Hawaii right.And you would rather do Hawaiithan RussFest?I would rather...do my own mother...than RussFest.I've made myself the CEOof YaoNet,which I'm moving back to the US.Son of Anton, it's the name I'vegiven our new inference API.He can do whatever he wants.I call for the attorney generalof the state of Californiato launchan immediate investigationof my conduct as CEO of Hooli.Enjoy the injunction, thumb ass.Don de la Renta,the AG of California,‐is gonna do what I tell him to do.‐Why?'Cause I have dirt on him.You ready to dump Hawaiiand join RussFest?It's beautiful.Boom!Richard:And upon entering RussFest,each attendee will be givena PiperNet enabled smartphone,which will give them access to securemessaging, social, voice, Internet‐‐So boring, right?You see the new logo? Huh?Huh? Check.One, two, three.Tres Comas Tequila.My brand. Dollar sign.Billionaire.Russ. Fest!RussFest.Right.No, yeah, it's‐it'sgonna be good. Uh‐‐‐Yeah, it's gonna be great.‐Yeah.Well, uh,anyway, uh‐‐Crazy Town'sgonna be there.So is Puddle of Mudd.You know Puddle of Mudd?No.Fucking Puddle of Mudd!Dude, listen.♪ Everything is so blurry ♪♪ And everyone's so fake ♪♪ And everyone is empty ♪♪ And everythingis so messed up ♪Right? Yeah, you knowPuddle of Mudd. Awesome.This is a good meeting,guys, excellent.I gotta jet. Bye, guys.Cory, where you at, dawg?We're really excited about thepossibility of working with you.Michael:Cool.Yeah. So,uh, what do you, uh...What do you think,Michael? Uh, you and us.AT&T, Pied Piper.Dealy deal.Richard,your tech is impressive,but we're going with YaoNet,they're a safe bet.And by the way,it doesn't seem likeyou're telling your people outthere what's really happening.‐Hang on‐‐ ‐No. Maybe you cando a deal with someone else.‐You know, there's, uh‐‐‐No, no, we can't, Michael.Look, we already havean agreement in principle.Okay, well, if you havean agreement in principle,you can have a disagreementin principle.I'm sorry.I'm very sorry.Michael, I'm sorry that you'remissing out on this opportunity.Honestly, I walk everyoneto their car. Yeah.What can we doto sweeten the pot?You know? Oh, we couldadd cashless transactions.What if everything ishandled on the phone?‐Right? You use it to swipe intoparties or VIP areas‐‐ ‐Richard,this is done.‐Okay?‐What about holograms?Okay, this is your last chance.Are you in or out?‐Richard: Fuck!‐That appears to imply out.Fuck. Fuck it. Fucker.‐Cockfucker. ‐Richard, people inthere have been working themselveshalf to death forweeks for no pay.This is not goingto go over well.I'm gonna wait out herewhile you go in and tell them.I'm not gonna say anything.If I keep my mouth shut, then there'sstill a chance at snaking the YaoNet deal.But if I tell everyone in therewhat's really going on,we won't make it to RussFest,and we'll be dead.‐Is that what you want?‐That's a fair point.- ‐That's what I thought. Okay.- ‐Let's get backto work. Let's go.If this comes out, I'll coveryour ass if you cover mine.If what comes out?‐My man.‐No.♪ ♪Oh!Dodgy gadin,my merry knights of Piper.Sir Owen,doing valiant battle withthe authentication service.Yes, good. Yeah.Oh, and prithee, Becky,my queen,how goethcashless payments?Russ's pricing keepstripping us up.‐Okay, how so?‐Well,this morning, he decidedeveryone at RussFestshould be a billionaire,so every dollar someoneputs into their accountwill now be worthone billion RussBucks.Zwoons!So, what, likea sandwich will be worth15 billion RussBucksor something?Fourteen billion,nine hundred and ninety‐nine million,nine hundredand ninety‐nine thousand,nine hundredand ninety‐nine RussBucksand ninety‐nine RussCents.Because he thoughtthat would sound cheaper.It's kind of screwingup the interface,but the whole AT&T dealis riding on this, right?We'll get there.Good. Okay. Excellent.Well, uh, code like the wind,my lady. Yeah.Ho, ho! Good Friar Gabriel.How dost thou fair withthe ticketing module?It's gone.What do you mean gone?For some reason, Gilfoyledeleted the whole thing‐a few minutes ago.‐What?Yeah.‐Gilfoyle?‐Yes, Richard. I'm aware.The drone dispatchingcode has been deleted,and I'm working very hardto restore the right version.Whoa, whoa. Drone code?Gabe just told me that theticketing module got deleted.Ticketing, too?Fuck, that's problematic.I'll get on that next.What the fuck is going on?Based on the amountof work left to doand the number of hoursleft before the festival,I decided totask Son of Antonto use machine learningto debug some of our code.What? Gilfoyle,are you fucking kidding me?You gave your AI permissionto overwrite code inthe internal file system?‐Were you gonna tell me about this?‐No.I thought that wasthe company policy‐these days.‐Okay, well,your AI just failed,epically.That's unclear.It's possible thatSon of Anton decided thatthe most efficient wayto get rid of all the bugswas to get ridof all the software,which is technicallyand statistically correct.But artificial neural netsare sort of a black box,‐so we'll never know for sure.‐Dinesh: Hey, Richard.Did you order meat?Like a bunch of meat?Like 4,000 pounds of meat?Interesting.I put Son of Anton on findingus cheap hamburgers for lunch.It looks like the reward functionwas a little under‐specified.Okay, from now on,Son of Anton is banned.Just write code like a normalhuman fucking being, please.Dinesh:Hey, Gilfoyle.So, I've been thinking about yourAI, and its many deficits.I think Son of Anton's issue might behow it's handling reward uncertainty.Your issue may be insecurity,masked by false bravadoand unisex cologne.Fuck off. It's not unisex.♪ ♪Hey, um,Richard?I was curious if you hada moment to clear the air.Is this about Holden?No. Holden's a bitchand he quit.No, I‐I wantedto talk to youabout the Gwart‐shapedtension between us.You know, she and I workedvery closely together,and now she'sworking for YaoNet.She's, essentially,the enemy,so it would be fairfor you to have concerns.I have no concerns.Okay, good.Because I don't thinkabout her, you know,or if she's hungryor cold right now,or if she's still giving mostof her income to Rand Paul.Richard!Check it! Okay.Hologram question.You told AT&T that the hologramwould be interactive, right?‐Yes.‐See, asshole?My hologram can 100%dry hump festival‐goersfrom behind.If they ask for it.Hashtag woke.All right.Let's go!Spidey jump.♪ ♪♪ ♪Ticketing'srunning smoothly.Mobile purchasingseems stable.That's good.‐Russ. Hey.‐I fucked up, Richard.Why did I make one dollarworth a billion RussBucks?I mean, everyone wants to be abillionaire, but they didn't earn it,so are they gonna feel bad aboutthemselves? Why would I do that?‐I guess because I'm an asshole and I wannahave a bad festival! ‐Richard: No, no, Russ.Don't worry about it.Everything is amazing.‐Yeah?‐Yeah, I tell you what.Why don't we see the hologram?‐The hologram's ready?‐lt's up.‐Yeah, let's go see the hologram.‐Okay, come on.‐This way. ‐Fuck yeah!Fucking hologram!♪ ♪‐Richard: See? There he is.‐Russ: Okay.Yeah, that'spretty sweet.Fist bump!Dry hump!‐Double guns!‐Wait, what's it doing?Richard,what the fuck?Well, uh, uh...Once more people show up,the network effectwill take over,and it will stabilize,I promise.Do you swear? Becauseone time, I threw a partyand David Copperfieldsaid it was beat.‐Promise me that this will not be beat.‐lt won't be beat.‐Okay. Okay.‐Yeah.I know, I know.Why did I wear these pants?Part denim,part leather.Pick a lane, Russ.Fuck. Fuck.Fuck, I'm gonnachange my pants!Richard: Jared, what are you doing?Come on!Hey, what the fuck is going on?Russ's hologram isglitching like crazy.Dinesh: We don't know.Everything's lagging:our apps, third partyapps, transactions.Gilfoyle: Everything was fine and thenthe network started deteriorating.We should be way closerto 100% capacity by now.I'm running diagnostics,but I haven't found anything.Also, this traileris filled with ants.Fucking Gabe.I'm sorry, ma'am,I don't know anythingabout a Pied Pipergirls' coding camp.Oh, ask Priyanka. That soundslike her bag of bullshit.I did,it's not hers.I'm sorry. You saidyou spoke to an employeenamed Eric Bachman?Mm‐hmm.Mm‐hmm.Hey. Give me that.Hi. Does your Eric Bachmanhave a Chinese accent?Okay. I tweaked the microwavebackhaul antennas.Did that make anydifference to the...Is there somethingyou wanna tell us?I respect you all?Maximo: Hello.I am giving a press conference,and I am so happy to be inpartnership with Ah‐Tay‐ee‐Tay.You can surf ourdecentralized Internetlike Hawaiian surferscan surf the big waves.Whoa. Bombshell.Michael must've knownthey were going with YaoNet.Did you know?You knew,and you addedmore features.Ticketing, banking,the fucking hologram.You've had us ona death march for nothing.What?Richard! No.- ‐Aah!- ‐Gilfoyle,you're being awfully quiet.‐Did you know?‐Richard: Now look, guys,these deals neverreally ever close.Danny:"AT&T and YaoNet close deal."That seems prettyclosed to me.My guys.How dare you dothis to my guys?Can we just please havethis discussion laterbecause right now,we need to figure out‐‐We? Who's we?‐We're out.‐Yeah.What? Whoa.Whoa, whoa, whoa.My guys.‐‐Gabe...You can go.I'll contact you all laterfor your exit interviews,and I'm sorry about the ants.Well, at leastwe all stuck together.Richard:Okay. Look,all the systems are built.I mean, screw those guysfor leaving. Their loss.We can still do thiswithout them, right?No. Unlessthe three of usstay up 24 hours a day forthree days in a row. Fuck.Yeah, exactly! Okay.All we need to do is justfind the bug that'sstalling us and squash it,just like these fucking ants.No sleep for threedays straight.Sweet.‐Dinesh: Is that Gwart?‐Oh, no. It's a garbage can.Dinesh:No, that's Gwart.Well, she worksfor YaoNet,so what isshe doing here?And why does she have accessto the staff only area?Gwart hates Puddle of Mudd.She's a Linkin Park girl.♪ ♪You gotta be fucking kidding me.♪ ♪Big Head! What the hellis going on here?‐What do you mean?‐Jian‐Yang: Who let her in?I take onelousy shit...Jian‐Yang,what is going on here?All girlscoding camp.I support woman.Mr. Eric,I'm finished."This diet cream helpedmy husband lose weight."He was fat fuck. Now, he not."Fi star, the end."I wrote exactly likeMr. Eric told me to.It's very good, Sophie.Very good.You're using underage girlsas slave labor for a fakeAmazon review farm?Yes.And‐And you're usingthe Pied Piper name?Yes.It's okay.I have money.Girls! Call your parents.‐Jared: God, that really is her.‐Richard: What the fuck?It's sabotage.Guys, nobody's eating the peyote.Will you eat the peyote,and then that'll break the iceand they'll eat the peyote?What?You hate the shorts?You hate the shorts.Fuck it.Just look at my fucking legs!Let's go. Go.Richard:I knew it! I knew it.Our network's not slowingdown because we fucked up.It's because YaoNet's hereand they are attacking us.Is SlipSox evena real company?Incorporated a week ago,no website.It's a cover.It's YaoNet!Laurie is somehow fucking withour routing to slowdown the network.But why would theybother attacking us?They have the AT&T dealall locked up.Unless...they don't.If she thinks theirHawaii launch might fail,that would be a reasonto try to wipe us outwhile they havethe chance.So, if we can stay alivetill YaoNet fucks up Hawaii,we could swoop in.Like a basketball dunker.‐We're still in this, boys.‐Jared: All right.So, let's boot those meddlingbums off of the network.Enough of this crap!Yeah. Well, uh,that's impossible'cause the whole pointof a decentralized networkis to prevent a single hostfrom controlling access.So dictators can't bandissidents.Right now, there's no way to kill themor stop them throttling the network.This is why thingsare easier in China.China...Don't mess with Pied Piperagain, you little fucker.‐‐Hello?Jian‐Yang! Hey! Hey, uh,what's going on, boss man?It's, uh, Richard Hendricks,from Pied Piper.How's it going, dude?Very bad.My underage girlslaves all left.Oh yeah, totally. Bummer.Well, you'll find them.Anyway, kind ofa silly question, um...You know how you stolethe Pied Piper source code?‐Yes.‐Yeah, and then you rewrote itinto what is now YaoNet?‐ Yes.‐Right, um,did the Chinesegovernment, by any chance,require you to add a back door?Yes, I havea SSH key in my house,‐ written down. ‐Cool!Wow! Uh...I don't suppose I couldget that from you.Uh, it's just thatPied Piper's in kind of a jam.Yes. Pied Piper...Your white witch justshut down my business.‐‐Oh. Okay.So?Hey, Richard, what's up?♪ ♪Fuck.Jian‐Yang, please.‐‐Monica,for the last five years,you have been horrible.You never smile.You never kiss me.I'll never give youanything you want.I hate you.Jian‐Yang,I need that key.This key?Okay, let's...let's just be reasonable.‐Gimme it!‐Shit!Come on! Fuck!‐No! Stop!‐Oh.Oh my God!Yikes.You and I, we could'verun this town,but you blew it, mister.A, four, six, capital G,two, nine, lowercase J,four, three‐‐Wait, wait, wait.Wha‐what are you singing?Is‐ls that the key?Key? No. That's justthe letters and numbersthat were on that little sheet ofpaper that Jian‐Yang swallowed.Yeah, for some reason, stuff's reallylike sticking in my head these days.Wait. Big Head, Richard needsthose letters and numbers.Can‐can you sing it again?Uh, sure. Yeah.‐‐: A, four, six,capital G, two, nine,lowercase J‐‐Wait, do you wanna maybecall Richard first,and then I could sing it?Holy shit! Yes! Thank you!Richard:Capital M, capital R...that's it?Okay!Yeah, we're in! It worked!Thank you. Uh, thanks, guys.Thanks, Big Head.All right, YaoNet, SlipSox,whoever the fuck you are,you think you can fuck with us?‐They hung up.‐Oh.Yeah.‐Wait, what the fuck is this?‐Dinesh: This is YaoNet's server?Fuck.It's a honeypot.What, is that a good thing?No. It's not.Run the "file" command.It's basicallya bullshit shell in casethe Chinese governmentactually used the key.It's like a fake storefront.Okay, so they have to berunning SSH on a different port.How do we findthe real one?We could N‐map itto check every single one,but that wouldtake forever.Okay. Fuck. Well,somehow, we have to findthe correct port number.Wait, what time is it?One large artichoke,extra rare,cup of mayonnaise.I see you still takeyour snack at 3:17.I know thatSlipSox is YaoNet,and that you'veinfiltrated Pied Piper,and I know that you're here,working with Laurie Bream.No, let me finish.We didn't end onthe best of terms, but...when we were together,I feel likeI really saw you,the real you.I saw you, Gwart!I know you!No, let me finish.I have to say thisor I'm never gonnaget it out.Now, I wish I was asking youto go for a walk with meor to watch Magic Mike XLfor the umpteenth time,but I'm asking youto give us access to YaoNet,and not just to savemy company,but to save my sanity.Because if I was wrongabout who you are,then I don't know who I am.So there you have it.I've saidall I gotta say, and...it's up to you now.I see. So,Pied Piper's network capacityis degrading steadily.Hmm, wonderful.And their adaptive routingoptimization techniquesaren't helping them.Hey, guys. Um,I'm so sorry‐‐I don't know what you did,but it worked.‐Jared: What?‐Someone just messaged usthe correct port‐to YaoNet's ad server.‐Yeah!‐‐Really?Yep. Gilfoyle revokedall their access,and is removing their appfrom every client on PiperNet.Richard: In a couple of minutes,we'll be back up to speed.Plus, we clonedtheir repository,so we'll just poke aroundand see exactlywhat they're hiding!It's a big winfor the Piper boys.So, Gilfoyle,how much faster isour network now?Zero faster. It's slower,‐and still degrading.‐What are you talking about?About how our network isslower and still degrading.We're currently at 60%.But that's not possible.Our network'sshit latencyis slowing downevery single purchase.Look at the bathrooms.The scanner's aren't working.Richard: Fucking Russand his pay toilets.Okay, we gotta figure this outor there's gonna be a riot.There youassholes are!You guys fucking with me?Did you get my messages?Uh...Messaging's stalling, too.I sent you guys photos ofthree different outfits.Did you hatethem all? Wha...What's wrong?Uh, no. Definitelythe second one.‐I like the second one.‐You really thinka white guy can wear thatand get away with it?‐Gilfoyle: Definitely.‐Dinesh: No.You know what?You're right.Fuck politicalcorrectness.I'm looking at fourguys that fuck!Okay, let's rerunthe diagnostics.Maybe we missed something.Laurie!Richard: Laurie Bream!Well, well, well.‐Fleeing the scene of the crime?‐Crime?You can't win.Your network is garbage.And maybe, if you save ussome time by telling ushow you're slowingdown our network,I won't go to the police.Slowing down your network?That would be "un‐tethical."- ‐Why would I...- ‐Oh. Richard...You do not know.Know what?As you correctly surmised,YaoNet doesn't work.It does not scale.‐Ha!‐However, we did notcome here to attack you,simply to observe you,spy on you, if you wish,in order to see how yougot PiperNet to work,which, it turns out,you did not.Uh, what?Your compression is inadequatein the face of bottlenecksthat emerge betweennode‐cluster edges.Pied Piper does not scale.It is as impracticableas YaoNet.‐Fuck.‐Laurie: Ah, yes.That can't be right.Laurie:And yet it is.I wish we had plagiarizedmore functional code,and yet it is this technologythat AT&T has purchased,functional or no.And with Maximo'ssufficient funding,we will certainly beable to weather the stormuntil we reach launch,at which timeit seems likely that AT&T maydeem our business a failure.However, at this point,I will have already mademany multipleson my initial investment.Ah, I cannot speakto your backup plan.Hmm, yes.Good day, gentlemen.Well, she's just a hater,and, no disrespect,‐but she can eat shit.‐Dinesh: Yeah,obviously.We have to be able tofigure something out.You'll think ofsomething, right?Richard?Six fucking years!Six years...we've wasted!Building this worthlesspiece of shit!Are fuckingkidding me?!I'm fine. I just gottago to the bathroom.I don't thinkhe thought of anything.‐Yeah!‐Go with option one, and I'mnot gonna feel shitty about it.Right?Fuck me.Dinesh: Hey guys, Richard's beenlocked in there for three hours.Should we kickdown the door?No, let's honor himwith some space.I'll wait for him to fallasleep, and then I'll‐‐I'll lower myselfdown through the vent.‐‐Dinesh: Would it be a dick moveto ask him for his keysand then we drive home?Well, he'd beabandoned here...Holy shit.That's fantastic.‐What the... fuck?‐Hey, you guys?I did something.All right, so,I was, uh,fiddling aroundon Gilfoyle's laptop,and I waslooking down,and then I realizedthat the solution wasstaring at meright in the face.Ants.It occurred to methat our network is kindof like a series of paths,much like the trails ants usein order to forage for food.But then, I thoughtthat we don't need better paths.We need better ants. You see?‐Fuck gradient descent.‐What?I don't need to use Gilfoyle's AIin order to improve middle‐out.I need to use middle‐outto create a new AI.A symbolic AI. And now,it is teaching itselfhow to optimize.So, you fucked aroundwith Son of Anton's brain,and then gave him accessto our entire networkinfrastructure,‐while it's still running?‐Yes.Richard, that's like askinga robot to change your tirewhile you're drivingon the freeway!Hold this.Gimme.See, go.This isn't my computer.‐lt's not?‐Gilfoyle: No.And what the fuck isSon of Anton version 2.0?What?‐Huh.‐You were fucking aroundwith Son of Anton'sbrain before him?‐Fuck.‐I have good ideas.‐‐♪ ♪Sweet mother of God.Dinesh:This is not my fault.I barely touchedGilfoyle's AI.‐‐Richard: What's it doing?Gilfoyle: I have no idea. I told you,it's a fucking black box, Richard.Richard: Do you thinkthere's gonna be a riot?Dinesh: Oh, I'm sure 20,000 coked‐updouchebags will be very civilwhen they can'tget food or water.Gilfoyle: Holy shit,look at the hologram.Richard:Oh my God.Whoa.‐‐Shit.‐What did we do?‐We?Dinesh:Is it dead?‐Am I going to jail?‐Hey.I can train you.Russ:Hey, fuckers.Popped a couple of Xanax andthen choked it in the trailer.Feeling much better.Went with outfit number three,black jacquard.Why is it so dark?Um, well...Lights!Russ: Sweet! Voice command?That is fucking awesome.You guys are smart.Voice command!What just happened?Did it work? What...What just happened?Gilfoyle:Holy shit.Jared:Wait, is that right?It's at... 145%?Now 160%. Okay,how is this possible?Our network overheadmust've massively shrunk.It's insane.Oh my God. Okay...My middle‐out,Gilfoyle's AI,whatever the fuck Dinesh‐did to Gilfoyle's AI‐‐ ‐Ibasically rewrote the entire thing.You guys,it worked.It‐lt‐lt happened.‐We‐we‐we did it. We‐we‐we won.‐Dinesh: It worked?‐Ah! We did it!‐Richard: Yeah!‐Ah!‐You...are like the threemusketeers of coding,except you areall d'Artagnan.‐‐‐Richard: Wait, wait.‐Gilfoyle: What?Richard:What the fuck is going on?Dinesh:He's growing!♪ ♪Gilfoyle:It's beautiful.Eat a dick, David Copperfield!Pilot : We hopeyou've enjoyed your flightfrom Maui to San Franciscothis evening.Out of the rightside of the aircraft,you can see the lightsof Las Vegas.And out of the left side,you can see...I don't know what that is.♪ Let's drink somechampipple, baby ♪♪ 'Cause it's almost free ♪♪ Champipple, baby, till dawn ♪♪ You've got nopressing engagements ♪♪ Won't you sit down by meand drink some ♪♪ Champipple, baby,till the champipple's gone ♪♪ Penny for penny ♪♪ Pound for pound ♪♪ If you're getting up ♪♪ For getting down ♪♪ Bottle for bottle ♪♪ Sip by sip ♪♪ It tastes even better ♪♪ When it's on your lips ♪♪ ♪Pied Piper can help scientistscure cancer.‐And cancer is bad.‐Cancer fucking sucks."Hey, I'd likesome cancer, please." No.We built the single, greatestnetwork ever in the world.I would like you to give mefree shares of Pied Piper.You had plenty of opportunityto invest.Yeah,you could buy a Piper coin.Monica, two men are talkingof business.You can find your broomand fly away.Gilfoyle is willingto destroy everythingwe've built just to prevent mefrom having money.Your entire life has preparedyou to publicly fail.You're just failingto see that right now.Don't insult me,I can fail circles aroundyou losers.♪Is this a good thingor a bad thing?Someone tell me how to feel.Jared, bolt the doors.‐What's in the bag?‐Clif Bars and a gun.♪