I respect you all?MAN:"AT&T and YaoNet close deal."Wow. Bombshell.♪ (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪Our network's slowing down becauseYaoNet's here, and they're attacking us.LAURIE BREAM: We did notcome here to attack you, simplyin order to see how you gotPiperNet to work,which it turns outyou did not.Pied Piper does not scale.Worthless piece of‐‐(DRONE BUZZES)I don't needto use Gilfoyle's A.I.in order to improve middle‐out.I need to use middle‐outto create a new A.I.BERTRAM GILFOYLE:Holy shit.Our network overhead must'vemassively shrunk.It worked. It‐‐ It‐‐ It‐‐It happened.(YELLS)We did it!PILOT: And out of the left side,you can see...I don't know what that is.(DINGS)♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪(smacks lips, clears throat)Should I look at the...(clears throat) camera or you?Documentarian: You can just talk to me.Can you introduce yourself?Sure, yeah. Um...(loud, distorted): Uh,my name is Richard Hendricks,‐and I'm the‐‐‐Documentarian: Could you...?My name isRichard Hendricks. I'm, uh,the founderand CEO of Pied Piper.I think like most people,I first heard aboutPied Piper atTechCrunch Disrupt.‐(audience cheering)‐Middle‐out was a game changer.‐(screams) ‐Announcer: The winnerof this year is Pied Piper.What you have to understandis conventional compressionwas like rubbingtwo sticks together.And along comes Pied Piper,out of nowhere,with a frickin' blowtorch.Well, we had really just startedum, a few months earlier,and like a bunch of otherSilicon Valley companies,we were just workingout of a garage.Or a house, really.‐Documentarian: Nice place? ‐No.Dinesh:It was like a shit hole,but there wasso much shit in it,it was filled all the way up.So, it was, like,level with the ground.If that's true,there was a little meniscusin the shit,and that's where...our dreams lived.Not the kind of house youwanna take your shoes off in.Yeah, just fuckin'smelled really bad.It was all right.Jared:Oh, I was the sloppy girlin the discotheque,just twirling and twirlinglike the night would never end.Jian‐Yang won the housefrom me in a game of chance.He told me to pick a numberbetween one and 10.I picked seven, um,but it was three.Eh, you live, you learn.We had knocked aroundfor a few years,trying different iterationsof what we wanted to do.It was at RussFest when thingsreally got crazy for us.‐(laughter)‐Dinesh: It was so much money.So much.Yeah. Times were good.(rock music blasting)(Dinesh singing)♪ Millionaire... ♪Uh, DJ Mad Evil,could we cut the musicfor a second?‐(music stops)‐♪ Millionaire... ♪I have a surprisefor everybody,and, um,(laughing):suffice it to say,I think that everyonehere is gonna want a sliceof this moistand scrumptious cake.We're gonna takea bite in three,(laughs) two...Richard's in the cake!‐Jared: one.‐Fuckin' Gabe.‐Surprise!‐(rattling)(laughing)Wait a second!What's going on with the cake?(rattling, grunting)‐Push from your thighs.‐(rattling)‐Oh God, are you okay?‐Richard: Fine.‐Handle broke.‐Oh.‐Doesn't matter. Oh, sorry.‐I was right.Oh, don't worry about it.‐Don't worry about it.It's fine. ‐Pictures...Richard:Okay, everybody.I'm here to tell youthat it has allbeen worth it.‐Woo!‐Uh,because today,it finally happened.We just shippedthe final build...of the PiperNetfirmware for AT&T'snationwide launch next week!(cheering)♪ ♪What the fuck?Is that beer?No, you're not drinking that piss.We drink my piss!‐ Tres Comas!‐Oh.Russ:I just boughtall the Pied Piper sharesthat some dentistin Phoenix had.Oh, no way. My dad'sa dentist in Phoenix.Well, hopefully he's notan asshole like this guy.‐Big Head: Yeah, that would suck.‐We could be talking...Cuatro Comas!Drink up,you fucks!(cheering)(music playing)‐No, no, no, just stop.Just stop. ‐(gagging)How does he make itlook so difficult?♪ Millionaire ♪♪ Trillionaire ♪Another? Oh boy!(party chatter)Hey! There you are.I, uh,got you something.Oh, Monica. (chuckle)"Leaving AT&T."Just dotted the I's,crossed the T's,and every singledetail is perfect."‐I sent this to you last week.‐Yeah, and as soon as you did,I knew I had to frame it.Well, I mean, I had my assistant frameit, but you know.It's really awesome.Although...Are you sure this iswhat I sent to you?‐Yeah. Why?‐Okay.No, here.Huh. That's weird.Oh, it's because‐‐It's actually kinda funny.‐Um, I'm not sure if you‐‐‐Jian‐Yang: Richard, congratulations.It's your very closefriend Jian‐Yang,and I would like youto give me free sharesof Pied Piper.(chuckle)Okay, Jian‐Yang. Uh...Well, you had plenty ofopportunity to invest.‐Still do.‐Yeah, you can buy Pipercoin.Monica, two menare talking business.You can find yourbroom and fly away.Suit yourself.I just checked the ledger, and the coinwe issued to Erlich wasjust sold for $20 million.Richard,is the mean lady right?Errich is now fat and rich?Uh, yeah, I guess.Where is he?I don't know.Tibet still, maybe.Okay.Tibet.Okay.‐Richard: Huh.‐Documentarian: So, at this point,steaming into the launch,you had no idea‐what was about to happen.‐No.No, none. None whatsoever.Everything was going...great.Dinesh: What the fuckis wrong with Richard?Why does he wannasee us so early?Well, he's beenhere all night.He wouldn't explain,but he is in a bit of a state.♪ ♪‐Hey, Richard?‐(marker squeaking)Richard,they're here.Oh, great. Yeah.Sit, sit. Sit, sit.‐Dinesh: Why?‐Just find a seat.‐Richard, what's wrong?‐Richard: I don't know.Maybe nothing.Maybe something.Look, here, I wanna showyou something. Um...You see? Okay. So, uh,this was a message I sentto Monica last week.She had it framedfor me as a gift.Oh, I was gonna getyou a gift, but, um,it was back‐ordered,so it's coming next‐‐Look at the dots.Count the dots.‐Dots?‐The dots! Look, look."Every single detail is,"dot‐dot‐dot, "perfect." Okay?There are three dotsin that ellipsis,which is the correctnumber of dots. However,in the messagethat I sent her,there are...four dots,which is incorrect.Thus, not perfect.It was a joke.‐Was it?‐Yes. Was and is.(laugh)Okay, well, uh, I didn'tchange your joke, Richard.That's what I got.Three dots.(laugh)Wait, is it... three dotsthat's funny or is it four?Richard: Four, four, four.That's what I sent her, four.But our messagingis encrypted. So,how did what I send,four dots,end up as three dotsin her feed?Data corruption,bit flip,‐just a fluke. ‐Yeah, sure.Yeah, that's what I thought.So, then I checkedthe logs, read the math.The total size ofall sent messagesshould be the sameas the total sizeof all receivedmessages, right?But it's not.The received messages are smaller.How? How is thatpossible? Unless...our network...is compressing the contentof encrypted files in transit.And the only waythat is possibleis by bypassingencryption.‐Well, that's impossible.‐Richard: I agree.It makes no sense,but don't you think we shouldfigure this out before launch?Richard, don't do this.Not now.We launch in four days.The TV spots arealready running.We're not jeopardizingbillions of dollarsbecause you'remissing a dot.Should I get everyone in hereto start working on this?‐Well‐‐‐Gilfoyle: We're beyond that.The others can't help us now.Jared, bolt the doors.What's in the bag?Clif bars and a gun.Gavin Belson:(sigh) May I be honest?There was a periodof my life in whichI would've rooted for thefailure of Richard Hendricks.That was a differentGavin Belson. That was...tech icon Gavin Belson,not literary iconGavin Belson.Since leaving Hooli,I've co‐authored37 adult romance novels.Fondly, Margeaux.The Lighthouse Dancer.Cold Ice Creamand Hot Kisses.Over here,The Prince of Puget Sound.Uh, and lastly,His Hazel Glance.All international best sellers.Uh, G‐Gavin.A moment, please.(sigh)I'm so sorry. A moment.Gavin:The fuck is your problem?Rod Morgenstern: You saidthat this would be an hour.Gavin: Well,we're just running a little over.Rod: Yeah, with thelights, and the machines,and the sound equipment,how is this evergonna be an hour?Gavin: You're actinghysterical, all right?We'll have plenty oftime to write this‐‐Rod: Yeah, you know what?You know what?Do your‐‐your little interview.I'll just writethe book myself, okay?Gavin: Well, if you could youwould, but you can't.You're stuck with me,and I'm stuck with you.Rod:Whoa, whoa, whoa...That's what Floriansays to Claudetteoutside the cheese cave!‐Gavin: Oh my God! That's our third act!‐Rod: Third act!‐Gavin: Yes! Okay, go, put the kettle on.‐Rod: Yeah.I'm terribly sorry.I'm gonna have to cut this short.Thank you for coming.When Richard told meabout the dots last night,initially, I dismissed itas the rantingof a self‐sabotaging idiot.But a few hours laterwhen I woke upin a stall in the secondstory men's bathroom,I realized something.That you're an alcoholic?Perhaps,but high‐functioning.Much like our network.To wit...(typing)Our internal messaging,based on HooliChat,uses a weakencryption standardknown as P‐256.Whether Richardbelieves it or not,our network cracked it.Who allowed it to do that?Gilfoyle: We did,when we gave it one job.To make itselfmore efficient.It developeda general solutionto discrete login polynomial time.What?Jared:Okay, is this a good thingor a bad thing?Someone tell me how to feel.Abject terror for you.Build from there.Gilfoyle:Once launched,our AI will keeplearning to breakmore and moresophisticated parameters.Ultimately, thiswill mean the endof privacy.Electrical grids,financial institutions,the nuclear launch codesfor every single nuclear weapon.All will be exposed.Pure violencewill becomethe only basis of power.Spare us the apocalypticdesert planetsci‐fi bullshit,Frank Herbert.Uh, Frank Herbert was a writerwho wrote a series of‐‐I know who fuckingFrank Herbert is.Oh. I'm sorry.Was that gendered?‐That was gendered.‐Richard: Okay, Gilfoyle.Even if everythingyou're saying is right,and that's where we're headed,there's gotta bea way to fix it.Fix what, Richard?The network is doingexactly what we told it to do.The AI is optimizingthe compressionand the compressionis optimizing the AI.Everything thatmakes it successfulis exactly whatmakes it dangerous.It's a feature, not a bug.No (scoff), no, no.Okay, no.What are we gonna do about it?What do you suggestwe do about it?You're gonna make mesay it, aren't you?Fine.We built a monster.We need to kill it.‐Dinesh: Fuck.‐Are you out of your mind?No, no, no, no, no,Gilfoyle.We didn't build a monster,first of all.We built the single greatestfucking network,ever, in the world.That's the big one.And I'm sorry,you wanna kill it?Now? Now? Now?We are inches awayfrom the finish line.You wanna fucking kill it?We did it, man!We built it! It works!It just needs a little help!We just gotta fix it, okay?We don't kill it!That's crazy, man!Kill yourself is the thing.Fuck you.I mean...that's crazy.When people ask meabout Pied Piper,I always tell themthe same thing.(soft grunting)Are there other questions?Uh, yeah.Can you elaborate?Mm... yes.(quiet prison chatter)Will you?Ah...Hmm...(sigh)Save it, Jared.I'm not in the mood for a pep talk.You know, if I learned anythingfrom my time with Gwart,it's the powerof just listening.Fucking Gilfoyle.Shut it down?Are you fucking kidding me?Throw everything away thatwe've been working toward?Not to mention the factthat we have a contractworth billions of dollars.Yeah, that'sa lot of money.And what about all theother stuff we're gonna do?I mean, give internet tounderserved communities,students in the homework gap,refugees, genomic research.Pied Piper can helpscientists cure cancer.‐And cancer is bad.‐Cancer fuckin' sucks!"Hey, I'd like somecancer, please." No.And we havethis beautiful baby,who is a little sick...But, apparently,it's now the devil,and we have to kill it.I vote we take it tothe doctor, but fuck.I had a foster motherwho thought I was the deviland that shehad to kill me.And I think it was prettytraumatizing for her.And th‐the odds...of Gilfoyle's stupid crazydoomsday scenario actuallycoming true are...I mean, we've had a nucleararsenal for decades,and we're fine. I mean,outside of a couple...substantial blips.Two in particular.I'd say we're safer.The real killer is stress.Okay, sure, fine.Oppenheimer famouslysaid he regrettedbuilding the atom bomband died in despair,but what the fuck does thathave to do with anything?Oppenheimer.What a self‐obsessed little bitch.What are we supposed to do, huh?What are we supposed to do?Fucking Gilfoyle.We'll just call up AT&Tand say that ournetwork is so goodthat it'll eventuallybecome some doomsday device,and we have no moraloption but to destroy itbefore we let you release it?I mean...We're not doing it!We're not.‐We're not.‐Hey, Richard.♪ ♪Whatever you think is best,that's what we're gonna do.I mean, they justput up the billboard.She's a beauty, right?Fu‐‐!Sorry, guys.‐Gilfoyle's right.‐Seriously?We're seriously doing this?We're canceling the launch?Well, no. Uh, ha,that's not enough.Our network is dangerous.If we cancel itor shut it down,then otherswill try to copyor reverse engineereverything that we've built.It's like...It's likethe four‐minute mile.Everybody thoughtit was impossible,until someone did it,and then everybodystarted doing itbecause they knewit could be done.Jared:Right. Roger Bannister.Now, imagine he'd goneinto cardiac arrestand evacuated onhimself and died.And as he lay therewith his prolapsed anuspeeking beneath the runningshorts on his newly dead body,the crowd jeeredand grimaced.That is what hasto happen to us.We have to shitourselves to death.Mm‐hmm.Mm‐hmm.He's right.Our launch hasto fail, publicly...and spectacularly.Are you dumbfuckslistening to yourselves?Because I am,and you are dumb.And fucks.Gilfoyle is willing todestroy everything we've builtjust to prevent mefrom having money!(beeping)Interesting.Is that Dinesh's Tesla?What?‐There's no one in it.‐Gilfoyle: Correct.You have the Teslamobile app on your phone,which communicates overthe Pied Piper network.A few hours ago,I tasked said networkwith providing me yourTLS encryption key,which it just gave me.To verify that thatkey was correct,I decided toautodrive your carto the car wash on El Camino.It appears the key was correct,‐no?‐(revving)Be careful, Charlotte.What encryption does Tesla use?Curve 25519,the most secure...discrete log parameterthere is.Not anymore.Our network just blew itapart like a prolapsed anus.In only two hoursand 47 minutes.‐The prosecution rests.‐Monica: Okay, Dinesh,they're right.We have to fail,and it has to looklike an accident,or else we couldall go to prison.♪ ♪‐No, I cannot do it.‐Gilfoyle: Of course you can.Your entire life has preparedyou to publicly fail.You're just failingto see that right now.Don't insult me.I can fail circles around you losers.But will I?I'm gonna be honest with you.No offense to me,but I am greedyand unreliable,bordering on piece of shit.If there is a chanceto stop you guys from stopping youguys, I will do it.I will sabotage your sabotage.So, if this companyneeds to failepically,like fucking fail...you need to do it without me.Revoke my permissions.Delete my PiperMail account.I will use Gmail likea fucking basic bitch.(sigh)Don't let me anywherenear that launch.I may beg,and I will lie to you.I cannot bribe you becauseI don't have any money.But I am too muchof a liability.That is the most courageous actof cowardice I've ever seen.All this becauseof a fucking dot.Dinesh's car is atthe Wendy's drive‐thru.Anybody hungry?They call it PiperNet,and it's comingto your phone.Tomorrow at noon, thePied Piper app will go liveon the latest 5G‐equippediOS and Android phonesin 10 major citiesacross the country.AT&T says, if things go asplanned, PiperNet could beon more than a half billiondevices within a year.And no one is more excitedthan technology super fans,‐like the ones behind me...‐(cheering)who are camping outall night to snaga limited edition PiedPiper‐equipped smartphone.If their enthusiasmis anything to go by,then a lot more peoplemay soon be lining upto pay the piper. (laugh)I'm Jim Gittman, KCTW.All right, thanks, everyone!Appreciate y'all! Okay!(laughing)I see you! I see you!(sigh)♪ ♪Hey, does anyonewant a bear claw?I just bought toomany at the store,so I'm going around givingthem away if anybody wants‐a bear claw or a cruller‐‐‐Whoa.You got one of the PiedPiper ratjacks made?Wait, there's a coolnickname for the jackets?Yeah, you even gotDinesh embroidered.Oh, he's my favorite, too.Wait.Oh my God. Holy shit!Dude, it's Dinesh!‐Yeah, Dinesh. I'm Dinesh Chugtai.‐(cheering)I'm the cofounderof Pied Piper,in an original ratjack.Girl:I can't wait for tomorrow!Don't worry abouttomorrow! Today!‐Fuck tomorrow!‐Girl: Uh,‐can I get a selfie?‐Yeah, yeah, yeah.‐Okay, thank you!‐Here we go.(excited chatter)Woman:I am Pied Piper.‐I am Pied Piper.‐I am Pied Piper.Man:I am Pied Piper...‐Are we set?‐Locked and loaded.The script I wrotewill push a new buildfrom the supernode at the officethe second you step on stage.No one here will see it.When we go live,all the nodes shouldstart broadcasting noiseacross commoncommunication bands,jamming cell signals,knocking out Bluetooth,and fucking up everyGPS unit for miles.‐Good.‐Yeah.They'll force usto shut it down...then it'll all be over.♪ ♪Good.Yeah. Good.(sigh)Fuck.Richard?We're about to start.Yeah, let's go.Okay, here we go.I am Pied Piper.‐(music playing)‐I am Pied Piper.‐Deep Voice: I am Pied Piper.‐(chatter)Hi. Uh, my nameis Dinesh Chugtai.I wanna make sure I am not onthe list for the launch today.Chugtai. Um... I don'tsee your name here.Okay, that's great. Oh, uh,could you also make sure thereare no VIP lists I might be on?Chugtai. Spelledhow it's pronounced.‐Woman: Okay. Uh...‐ "Chu,"and then "gtai."No, not here either.Oh, and these security guards?Are they your best guys?Like, will they stop me?Would they fuck me up?‐I'm sorry, we‐‐‐Thank you so much.That's exactly the responseI was looking for.I feel very confidentI will not be getting intothe launch today.Thank you for not helping.Don't let me through.We are Pied Piper!(applause, cheering)Woo!‐Yes, hello. Uh...‐(applause dying down)I am Richard Hendricks,founder and CEO,and I am thrilledto welcome you allto the official launchof Pied Piper.(applause, cheering)(microwave humming)(beeping)(wearable chair rattling)(cooling fans whirring)‐Hey, John.‐Yeah.Here's your hot water.Okay.Hey, Gabe?There's somethingweird here.What is it?The code they'reabout to launch‐‐it isn't the buildwe shipped.Someone justpushed a new build.Hey, John?John: Yeah?That's a mistake.We should change itback to the right code.Okay.♪ ♪Richard:Fast and powerful.Sounds a little bitlike you, Andre Iguodala.‐Yes! ‐Andre: That'sright, Richard Hendricks.And as a member of the NBA'sall‐defensive first team,I know a little somethingabout cybersecurity.Would you say thatPied Piper is your MVP?"Most valuable phone"?‐ Yeah, I would.‐(crowd cheering)Gabe:Uh, hey, Dinesh?Gabe, what areyou doing here?You weren't answeringyour calls or texts,so I came herefrom the office.So, um, a weird versionof the software, uh...was put online,so, uh...So?So, I reverted it tothe version we shipped.♪ ♪Oh, I have the originalweird one here...There's some photosof me in Hawaii.So, this was the version thatwas about to be deployed,then you switched it,and now we're about tolaunch the older version?Yes.So, if I do nothing,absolutely nothing...‐Nothing?‐...the "correct" versionof the network would launch?Uh, what do you meanby when you do that?‐Just stretching my fingers.‐Oh.Andre: But before Igo, can you tell me,‐who let the dogs out? ‐("Who LetThe Dogs Out?" by Baha Men playing)♪ Who‐who‐who‐who‐who? ♪(audience cheering)Damn it! Okay, go.Thank you.Gilfoyle (voicemail):Leave a message. Also,‐fuck you, Dinesh.‐(angry grunt)♪ ♪The supernode on the roof.(door opens)(sigh)("Atomic Dog" byGeorge Clinton playing)(applause, cheering)Give it up for Menlo Bark!Weren't they fetching?Fucking hell,who wrote this shit?‐(Jared laughs)‐(applause)I...Guys! Comma.We have a hugefucking problem!Period. Fucking Gabereverted to the old build!Exclamation point,exclamation point!‐(phone buzzing)‐(indistinct speech)I got a grouptext from Dinesh."Guys, come on.Fun king gamespervert Oldsmobile"?‐What?‐Okay, so I've...shown you our...decentralized universaldata exchange,our tamper‐proof storage.I've shown you that you,and you alone,will control your personaldata and your identity.(clears throat)All‐‐All of us here atPied Piper have workedso hard on this.We have given six sleepless,brutal years to this project,and I am...so proud of what we've done.Uh, so my mentor...‐(music playing)‐...the late Peter Gregory, uh,put us on the path towhat we've created here.He called it,"the internet we deserve."We have foughtevery step of the wayto bring youthe greatest networkever made, ha.And in, uh...five minutes,42 seconds,that fight is over.(gasping)‐(panting)‐(vents rattling)♪ ♪(screaming)(gasping)♪ ♪(gasping continues)(typing, beep)‐(beep)‐Gilfoyle: Son of a bitch.‐(gasping) ‐Gilfoyle: Dinesh,you fucking terrorist,what the fuckare you doing?(gasping)Are you jerking off?Or did you do one push up?Quit being a fucking bitch.John F. Kennedy: Let me then makeclear that I am determined upon our...‐(speech continues)‐(phone buzzing)Neil Armstrong: That'sone small step for a man,one giant leap for mankind.Hello?Dinesh is where?‐Richard: Tell him to fuck off.‐You tell him.It's me! I'm here.I'm merged and I can hear you.‐(beep)‐Gilfoyle: Hold on.‐Monica: Hey.‐Gilfoyle: We're all merged in.Richard, you aredoing a great job.Jared, shut up.Richard, turn around.I'm behind you.Dinesh says that Gabe revertedus back to the prior buildfrom the supernodeat the office.I cannot verify this becauseI'm not at a supernode.I'm across the stagefrom you, as you can see.But Dinesh is.He's on the roof.He wants me to give him backhis permissions to deploy.Dinesh: So I can pushout the right build.The wrong‐‐The build, guys!The build we talked about!The build thatsaves the world,but makes me poor!Question is,do we believe him?In fairness, there are a lotof reasons not to trust him,such as he told usnot to trust him.‐Dinesh: Believe me!‐But do we trust that?Dinesh: For once,I wanna do the right thing!Gilfoyle: Richard,I'm gonna need an answer.‐I don't have much time. ‐The fate ofthe world literally relies on this.Richard, it's time.‐Come on!‐Okay.Jared: Richard,we need an answer.Ladies and gentlemen,we are at...Lawrence/Audience:Ten, nine,eight,seven, six...‐Fuck it. Dinesh, you're in.‐...five,‐...four...‐Oh.Three,two, one!Lawrence: Ladies and gentlemen,Pied Piper network...‐(applause)‐...is officially live!‐(cheering)‐(fireworks)The balloons are falling.Is that a good sign or a bad sign?Uh...(music blasting)The app isnow available!(cheering continues)‐Lawrence: We did it!‐Monica: Where are you guys?Communications should be going haywire.Are they?I can still hear you,so phones must be working.Traffic is moving,so GPS must be working.He's right.GPS says I'm here,standing next to you,which seems to be accurate.Dinesh, you fucked us.No, he didn't.We are generating noise.‐Oh, okay. Sorry, Dinesh.‐Dinesh: You're good.I'd expect meto fuck us, too.Problem. We haven't raisedthe noise far enoughto drown out even Bluetooth.Okay, so we'regenerating noise,but just not enough tointerfere with anything?Dinesh:Is this gonna work?Did we just makebillions of dollars?!This wouldn't be happening ifwe had had time to test things.‐Fucking kidding me?We failed at failing? ‐(dogs barking)Wait, why are they barking?‐(barking)‐Gilfoyle: Oh shit.Think we might be creatinginterference that's causingthe speakers inthe phones to resonate.And that's whatbugging the dogs?No. Dogs shouldn't bebothered by that frequency.Well, then, what the fuckare they barking at?(woman screaming)(music stops)(crowd screaming)Lawrence: Please, ladies andgentlemen, please stay calm!Don't panic!(squeaking)(screaming continues)Dear sweetmother of God.What have we done?‐(scream) ‐Emily Chang: In a fairytale turned nightmare come to life,thousands of ratsstreamed onto the streets‐of San Francisco today.‐Reporter: Pied Piper's phones broadcastingintense ultrasonic soundsthat beganrepelling the rats.The streets of Seattle becamethe streets of Sea‐rat‐tle,and everyone was sleepless.Giants fans goinghome happy todayas the Cubs go downswinging to the‐‐‐Holy shit!‐(squeaking)They're calling it"Rat‐mageddon." Yeah.Except in New York, wherethey're calling it Wednesday.‐(laughter)‐(music)They literally becamethe Pied Piper.I mean, you can't make that up.Rod:Yeah, maybe you couldn't...but I could.Oh, for fuck's sake.When you think about a lotof the failures in tech‐‐Pied Piper really is rightat the top of that list.Pied Piper is just a millstonearound AT&T's neck!I say dump it! Dump it now!I lost so much fuckingmoney with those guys.I got rat‐fucked.That's a pun.I made it all back though.Sweet investmentin the hair transplant sector.What?Rats, ah, yes, we havesome of them here.Figuratively.They are dealt with.And so,effective immediately,I am shutting downPied Piper,deleting itscode repositories,and liquidatingits remaining assets.All right.That's our statement.We will not betaking any further‐‐Can I just saythat I am just...truly, deeply sorry.Uh, this should neverhave been built.It is... technicallyflawed to its very core.And we should allremember that...forevermore.Sorry.(reporters shoutingquestions)Obviously, Mr. Hendricksdoesn't mean that in anylegally binding or actionable way.Get a life, guys.It's weird.It really seemed likePied Piper was going to work.Something doesn't add up.♪ ♪Dinesh:So, I did the right thing,I helped save the world,my legs arestill super sore,and my rewardis that I'm poor.What are you gonna do?Not sure.Been thinking about teaching‐‐No, not you.Oh, uh...I think I mightdisappear for a bit.Maybe travel.Yeah, I might travel, too.Where were you thinking?It may help if,at least for the time being,you pretend to be mad at me.Look, Richard,I was a world theater minor at Vassar,but that is one Javanese shadowplay that I cannot perform.(paper tearing)(sigh) Come on, guys,let's cheer up.I mean,we set out to buildthe best thing ever built,and that's what we did,right?We succeeded.And who can saythat they literallysaved the world?‐Right?‐Not us.'Cause we can't tellanyone what we did.Right. Not out loud, but...‐You know.‐Silence is on brand for me.Good luck, Dinesh.(glass breaks)Gilfoyle:On the bright side...I found another box of these.♪ ♪Richard:Well, uh...I was, I was a littlebit embarrassed, ha.Uh, so I just, uh,went off the grid fora bit. I‐I‐I traveled.I went to Tibet, actually,to try and find Erlich,but, uh, he was gone.And then, I came back,but no one really wanted tohire the guy behind Pied Piper.Uh, however,my best friend did hire me,and now I am the...Gavin Belson Professorof, uh, Ethics in Technologyat Stanford University.Big Head: My name is,uh, Nelson Bighetti,and I'm the presidentof Stamford.Stanford.You graduates havea lot of responsibility.Finishing the importantwork of movements such as..."pound Met double zero,"and "title icks."Documentarian: So, I think I know,but‐but why do they call you Big Head?Oh, yeah, just, you know,boys being boys.Making fun of my,my big old dome.Documentarian: It's not becauseyour last name is Big‐hetti?I'm the cofounder of NewellRoad Strategic Technologies,one of the largest cybersecurityfirms in the Bay Area.I am the cofounder ofNewell RoadStrategic Technologies,‐one of the largest cyber...‐I literally just said that.‐...security firms...‐I just said that.‐You heard me say that.‐...in the Bay Area.Things are betterwhen I say them.Plus, they're definitelygoing to edit you out.If they're not gonna use it,why would they use it? That has‐‐Why don't you tell them how youbought the house next to mine‐because you love me so much.‐Okay,fuck you.How's it going, guys?Meeting time.‐Gilfoyle: We have a meeting.‐Dinesh: Mandatory.What do I do now?I, uh, I work fora non‐profit in DC.It's a‐‐ it's a think tank,and‐and we just...think about...stuff, you know.Documentarian:So, the NSA.(laughs) The NSA?No, no, no.Farthest thing fromthe NSA. (chuckle)God. The NSA. That's...That's a really weirdquestion to ask.‐(music playing)‐Jared: Okay, Jell‐O.‐ I love working with the elderly.‐One, two, one, two.It's like I get to havea bunch of parentsand also be their parent.No! No, no, no!Martin, Martin!She only has eyes for you.We were dancing asgirlfriends, that's it.This fall, we actuallyhad a herpes epidemicamong the residents, whichis bad medically, but...from another perspective,it's kind of touching.Okay, we're on our wayto the hostel.(sigh)God, I haven't been therein such a long time.It was just an...it was an incredible timein my life, you know?I never really thoughtthat I would havea group of male friends.You know, men just seemkinda mean and hard, but...these guys were as sweetand soft as rotten fruit.You got your book?Prince of Puget Sound?(laughing): Oh, Judy!♪ ♪Hey, man.Hey, man.You okay?Yeah.I haven't seen you in forever.I saw you last weekend.(indistinct greetings)You look great.Jared:Is that...is that a woman's scent?No, it's unisex.Big Head?Hey, Nelson.I work a lot with peoplewho have dementia,and I justwant you to know,it doesn't haveto be a horror show.Oh, cool.‐Well hey, we're all here.‐Gilfoyle: Let's go.Let's go see Jian‐Yang, heh.(struggling)‐You okay? Richard!‐Richard: Fine.(knocking)Uh... (clears throat),hi there. Is, uh,is Jian‐Yang here?Does he live here? We're‐‐we're all old friends of his.No, I'm sorry.I bought the houseyears ago from his estate.Monica:Estate?I'm sorry to be the oneto tell you this,but Jian‐Yang's dead.Uh...Okay, so he's dead.What do we do?♪ ♪It's different,but also the same.Hey, Gilfoyle.That's your horrible corner.It looks much better now.Changeda little bit.They fixed my hole.‐(imitates kick)‐(chuckle) Don't do it again.No, I wouldn't.Obviously.I was emotionally charged.Oh, the drapes.Oh, that's a playful linen.‐Hi. I used to live here...‐Girl: Hey.Back whenI was poor.‐Cool.‐No offense.None taken, I guess.‐President Bighetti?‐Whoa!‐How did‐‐ how'd you know my name?‐I go to Stanford.Oh, no way!I work at Stanford.‐I'm the president.‐Yeah, I know.What are youdoing here?Um, I don't know.I think 'cause Jian‐Yang died?‐I'm not sure.‐Who's that? Okay.So weird we're all back here.Except for Jian‐Yangbecause he's dead.And Erlich.Has anyonetalked to Erlich?Nope. No.But wherever he is,I hope he hasn't blownthrough all that money.He definitely has.Yeah, I'm sure he has.(jeep rumbling)Documentarian: We'relooking for Erlich Bachman.In the other village,they said that he was here.Is‐is Erlich Bachman here?‐(foreign language)‐He's here? He's that way?(chattering in foreign language)‐lt's up here?‐(chattering) Erlich Bachman!(insects, animals chirping)So, this isErlich Bachman's house?‐Erlich Bachman!‐Fantastic.(muffled music playing)We're just here tosee Erlich Bachman.Hello?‐(knocking)‐Hello?(music stops)Whoa, whoa, easy, easy.We're‐we're friends.Are you Erlich Bachman?Jian‐Yang:Yes. I'm Errich Bachman.I can show you ID.That's my face. I was a‐fat,but now, I'm a‐not fat.I'm sorry, this issupposed to be you?(inhales, exhales)I have an idea.‐(whistling) ‐Documentarian:Okay, whoa, whoa, whoa‐‐I'm making the worlda better place throughan intelligent,semi‐autonomous agent,powered by distributed,DNA‐based computethat automates personalplanning and scheduling.Oh, bots.Sounds like an atrocity.Let's just hope you havebetter success than we did.Oh, what companydid you have?‐Oh, here we go.‐(chuckling)Uh, Pied Piper.Dinesh:Yep.I'm unfamiliar...Dinesh:Rat invasion...Jared:We... we were a big failure.Eight billion dollarvaluation,down to zero in one day.Was that, like,a social media company?‐Dinesh: What? Pied Piper.‐Gilfoyle: Are you fucking with us?Thank you guysso much for your time.Jared:Hey, guys.Guess what I accidentallybrought in my bag.♪ ♪‐Oh, no way.‐(laughs)‐Whoops.‐(laughter)‐Richard: We know this thing.‐Dinesh: Wow.I need a beer ifwe're gonna do this.(fumbling)Jared:Richard, be careful.‐Can I do it?‐All: Always blue!Always blue! Always blue!Always blue! Always blue!Always blue! Always blue...(laughter)‐Okay.‐All: Always blue.Always blue! Always blue!Always blue!Always blue! Aah!Richard:Regrets? Uh...No.No, I'm‐I'm happy.Documentarian: And youdon't, you don't feel badthat you never got to...make the worlda better place?♪ ♪Uh...I think we did okay.I...actually could, um...I... I still have it.One copy of the...Pied Piper codebase.I have it on a thumb drive.I could show it to you.We won't...‐look into it, but, um...‐(opens drawer)I just wanna show it to you.(rummaging)It's just got a couplethings on there that I think...I, honestly,this was like whenwe were codingthe best we ever were,so some pieces ofthis thing are...‐sheer elegance.‐(opens drawer)I wish I couldshow it to everybodybecause I wannashow it to my students.Not my class, but another...‐I know it was in the desk.‐(rummaging)Okay, this is weird.‐(banging)‐Shit, okay.Where is it?(rattling)It's or‐‐ it's orange.It's this big.It's just a thumb drive.So, is anyone‐‐ have any ofyour crew seen it or anything?I mean... right here.‐That's insa...‐(rummaging)I had the...It's gotta be in the desk.Documentarian:Is it a problem?Um, no, not a problem. Um...It's just pretty fascinating.Although...if it isn't here...where is it?