(PEOPLE CHATTERING)(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)Ooh, fuck. Yeah, it doesn't matter.Whoa. You okay there, Richard?Uh... Yeah, I'm fine.Sorry, I can't really throw it any slower.Give it another cut, Richard.No, I'm fine. I don't want to.Maybe someone else wants to. Who's next?If someone has to go, I'll go,but it seems very frightening.You sure? You got us for the whole hour.- Anyone?- Would it hurl your feelings if no one went?MAN: (ON P.A.) Ladies and gentlemen,welcome to the annualStem Taylor Fall Classic.Yd like to star! by making a toastto our very special guest tonight,Richard Hendricks.- (APPLAUSE)Richard, after your perfect gameat Tech Crunch Disrupt a few weeks ago,we fell in love with you and your tech.Look, we {mow everyonein the Valley is after you,and we know ma! you're probablygoing to go with Peter Gregory,but we'd love to have youcome play on our team.Let Stern Taylor Capital Fund inon your Series A financing,because together, Richard,we'd bea home run!-(ORGAN PLAYS CHARGE)-(APPLAUSE)- Oh, right.- What do you say, Richard?I'll do what I can.All right. Have fun, everybody.(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)I don't know, man.It's starting to feel weirdletting all these firms suck up to us,even though we're not gonnatake their money.Richard, Peter Gregory hasn't officiallygiven us the term sheet yet.Yes, but he will tomorrow when he gets back.If you can't enjoy this many peoplekissing our ass at this level,then I feel sorry for you.Would you just relaxand take it in for a second?I mean, we are getting our dicks suckedat the AT&T Park.We're standing on the field ofthe World Series champions.It's totally lost on me.Yeah, I don't give a shit, either.Hey! I'm Nicole Stein.I lead the Growth Team at Stem Taylor.- Oh. I'm Dinesh.- I'm Gilfoyle.I love it. So what do you two do at Pied Piper'?I'm the CTO.Ah, he's joking. I'm the CTO.Fuck you, I'm joking.Okay, how could you bethe Chief Technology Officer?I get it. You hear the word "chief,"and you think "Indian Chief."But you're the other kind of Indian.Okay. One, fuck you. I'm Pakistani.And two, how could you be CTO of anything?You have to be able to organize,you have to be able to delegate,you have to be...I delegate you to go get me a fucking beerwhile I talk to Nicole.George Silver,operating partner at Stern Taylor.So, what do you do at Pied Piper'?He's the CTO.(JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)ERLICH: That's Drew Houston.We've been circling each otherfor the last 20 minutes.Ooh!The Winklevoss twins.Look at them. They're liketwo genetically enhanced Ken dolls.Do you knowhow much Bitcoin they're worth?Oh, shit, they're splitting up.Cameron's the left dominant one, right?- I can't tell them apart.- I'm gonna come at him from the right side,try and herd them back togetherwithout spooking them.Watch this.Cameron! Cameron!- Okay.- JAVEED: Well, well, well,look who's the big swinging dick.Hey, Javeed, everything okay at Goolybib?You gotta ask them. They canned me.- What?- Yeah.Our investors got spookedby a possible down round,so they shovedan acquisition down my throat.Yeah, an acquisition of $200 million, right?Yeah, they all made out.I had a reverse vest with no triggers,then I lost all my shares when they fired me.I blew my whole signing bonusrenting that house.I'm looking into suing 'em.Jeez.Look, all I can say is,don't get fucked, all right?You take money from the wrong dudes,and you'll get smoked as bad as I did.Just be careful.Everyone is watching you now.Yeah. Totally. I know. Thanks, Javeed.No. I mean, they're watching you right now.(ORGAN PLAYS CHARGE)- Yeah.-(APPLAUSE)Damn it. Where is that camera?(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)DINESH: I can't believehow many gifts we're getting.GILFOYLE: Gifts I'm getting.That Oculus rig is addressed to the CTO.DINESHZ No, I'm the CTO.As your superior,I order you to give me that Oculus.You can't make me do stuff.You're not the boss of me.- Actually, I am the boss of you.- Okay.GILFOYLE: Richard, tell him I'm CTO.DINESH: No, you already told that fat guythat I'm the CTO.Stop, stop, stop. Please stop.I have a ton of work to do.You have work to do.Maybe lets do the work instead of that.Jared, we were supposedto get a term sheet today.- Have we heard from Peter Gregory?-(KEYBOARD CLICKING)Peter Gregory is dead.What?(KEYBOARD CLICKING)Holy shit.MONICA: He was the smartest,shrewdest, (SCOFFS)strangest man I've ever known.I can't believe that he's gone.(CLEARS THROAT) Can I ask what happened?Yeah. Um...He was in the Serengeti on safari...- Ah.-...and he had just gone into his tentwhen a hippo wandered into the camp.Oh, wow.He was attacked by a hippo?No. No.I guess the hippo started to chargewhen the guide grabbed his rifleand shot at it,but his aim was off, and...And he shot Peter Gregory by accident?- Yeah.- No, he missed...But I guess the sound of the gunstartled Peter,who ran out of his tent and...Ran right into the hippo?No, the hippo was also startled by the noiseand had run off prior to Peter exiting his tent.So, what happened to Peter'?He hadn't run in a long time,maybe ever, and you know, he just...That was it.M.m.- That is so very strange.-(CLEARS THROAT)- Very sad and tragic. Wow.- Very sad and strange.See you.Man, that is so weird.I mean, one minute Peter Gregory is here,the next, he's just gone.ERLICH: Jared, it's Erlich.I need you to set upall the other VC meetings, ASAP.Line 'em up nuts to butts.Erlich' what are you doing?Monica just said they're still gonna fund us.We should just sit tight.Look, I loved Peter Gregorymaybe even more than he loved me,but there's somethingyou need to know here,something that Monicaisn't exactly volunteering up,and that's that all of these one-man firmshave a key-man clause.- Do you know what that means?- No.It means that now that Peter Gregory is gone,all the Raviga investorshave the contractual rightto cash out and walk away,which means that by the end of the day,there may not be a Raviga.Seriously'?- Yes, so we have to prepare for that.Now, I know that it makes mesound like a terrible person,but we have a company to run.And do you know whothe first person to agree with me would be?Peter Gregory.(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)And that is the very first spotin our new campaignheralding the upcoming release of Nucleusthis January at CES.- Any questions?- I have a question.That was horrible.I just got humiliatedby a fucking teenager at TechCrunch Disrupt,and you give me this tampon ad?A girl with diabetes on a swing?- I think she has cancer.- MAN: Yeah.At least that's how I read it.I don't care what kind of disease she had!All I care about is thatNucleus is better than Pied Piper.Hendricks just left us all in the dust.If we get this wrong,we could blowthe business opportunity of a lifetime!Data creation is exploding.With all the selfies and useless filespeople refuse to delete on the cloud,92% of the world's datawas created in the last two years alone.At the current rate,the world's data storage capacitywill be overtaken by next spring.It will be nothing short of a catastrophe.Data shortages, data rationing,data black markets.Someone: compressionwill save the world from data-geddon,and it sure as hell better be Nucleusand not goddamn Pied Piper!I don't know about you people,but I don't wanna live in a worldwhere someone else makes the worlda better place better than we do."Data-geddon." Is he married to that, or...There's just been a lot of "geddons" lately.That's true."Snow-mageddon," "car-mageddon."There's that movie Armageddon.Laurie, you wanted to see me?Monica, come in' come in.I'm sure you've heard by nowthat I've been namedour new managing partner.MONICA: Yes. Congratulations.Did the limited partners tell youhow they made their decision?Oh. They looked at the portfolio performancesof each of the senior partnersover the last several funds,and my numbers were,objectively, the most favorable.Therefore, I was selected.Yeah, it's just managing partneris all about meeting with peopleand interacting with people.You can sit down if you want to.Do you want to?- Oh...- Or should we stand?Uh... I... Whatever...- I'm standing...- Okay.But you don't have to.- Okay.- Would it make you feel awkward to sit?I'm okay to stand.- Monica...- Of course.Peter Gregory is dead.Yes, I know.On a personal note, his death is very sad.But on a professional level, it's untenable.I've been reviewing his files.He was pursuing a numberof extremely dubious positions.Are you aware that we owna $30 million ostrich farm in Morocco,or that we are the majority stakeholdersin three companies thatspecialize in invisibility?This box is filled with napkins coveredwith notes detailing Peter's convictionthat genetically-modified cranberry funguswould become the next cotton.- That... That one I remember.- Yes.- Monica.- Mmm-hmm.Peter Gregory is dead.- Yes.- We need to seem competitive,now more than ever,to our investors as wellas to the industry at large.Well, I mean,Pied Piper is probably the hottestearly investment in town right now,and we have them.Do we?But why then are they speaking to other firmsabout investing in their Series A?No, no.I just told them to sit tight for a day or twountil we sorted things out.It seems that that advanceda sense of uncertainty,and now we're at risk of losing their round.This could jeopardize the firmand, by extension, your career here, Monica,as an associate partner.Well, I guess I was just kind of in shock.Monica...(SIGHS)Peter Gregory is dead.Yes. I know.ERLICH: This is great.I mean, do you know how many timesI've gone into these roomswith nothing but a half of an ass in my hand?We're walking in there with 15-foot cockscovered in Elvis dust.(PHONE RINGING)- Really?- Richard Hendricks? They're ready for you.- This is a fucking layup, guys.- RICHARD: Okay, let's do this.ERLICH: Not you, Jared.Now, with proper funding,we should be able to put togethera functioning beta in time for CESand compress Nucleus out of the marketplace.(BOTH CHUCKLE)Yeah.I don't know.You don't... What?It just doesn't seem worked out to me.Well, I mean, it was worked out enoughto win TechCrunch Disrupt.Yes, and congratulations, you won 50 grand,but you're asking us for 200 times that.Richard, look, we all knowabout your amazing compression rate,but let's not be naive here.You can't expect to justthrow money at an algorithmand beat one of the largesttech companies in the world.So why don't you rework this a littleand come back in with a little more?Maybe next week?And?That was really weird.I guess we don't haveas much Elvis dust on us as I thought.You see?This is why I wanted to go with Peter Gregory.This is bullshit.I mean, that guy throws this huge party for usand then acts like he doesn't even want us?I mean, I fucking hate parties.And then he says, "Come back next weekwhen you have more.“More? More than 5.2 on Weissman? (SCOFFS)No. No.Fuck that guy. Fuck this place.Fuck this whole place.- Watch me fuck this place.- No, wait! Wait, wait!Hey. You remember when you told meto come back when I had more?And then I said I would?Well, I'm not going to. Ever.This doesn't count. Okay.I'm covered in dust. I'm a S-foot dick,and I've got half an assto go to some other companywho's never gonna put me on a Jumbotronor throw balls at me.Bye.Are you feeling unwell?Do you need protein?I don't know what happened.Between Peter dyingand Raviga maybe being gone, I just...I just wanna get funded and build Pied Piper.I hate this part.- ERLICH: Well, if one thing is for sure...-(CELL PHONE CHIMES)...if we're gonna get any traction,I need to step up my game.It's an email from Ron LaFlamme."Just got a term sheet from Stern Taylor."They offered $5 millionat $25 million post-money valuation."More than I thought."Shit. They were negging us.- Negging?- Negging is going negative.It's a manipulative sex strategyused by lonely chauvinists.ERLICH: See, everybody wants us.But, by shitting all over us,they try and bring our price down.But you shitting all over themcounteracted their shitting all over us.You negged a neg.Richard, this could be good.- Where do we have next?- Ross Loma Capital.Should I keep doing it?Should I keep negging?No, no, I'll handle this.If they want to negotiateusing hostility and rudeness,well, they picked the wrong guy.Well, you see, our main concernis how you're going to achieveescape velocity on your growth rate.-(CHUCKLING)-if critical mass...I'm sorry. What's funny?It's just that painting behind you.It's awful.It looks like harlequin Kama-sutradone poorly.So, I agree,bad culture fit.I think we all just move on.Look, I didn't say anything about a culture fit.No, I did.Okay. Well,thank you for meeting with us.We have a bunch of these things to go to,hopefully with more tasteful artwork.And your logo looks like a sideways vagina.I find that to be racist, don't you?Okay, here's my concern...Here's my concern.Who the hell picked out that shirt for you?What?Oh, I see. With the pants.So I guess it's a whole thing.My wife picked these out.Then you married poorly.Do you care about Pied Piper'?Do I care about Pied Piper? Well, of course.Cause if you do, I'm not seeing it.In fact, what I think I'm seeingis the human equivalent of a flaccid penis."Flak-Sid." It's actually pronounced "flak-sid."Not a lot of people know that.Well, we are definitely interested,but I think we need to...I'm sorry. ls something wrong?No, this is all wrong.I am sensing a general lack of vision.Your muffins smell like shit.So do your ideas.One of you is the least attractive personI've ever seen,and I'm not gonna say who.Should we leave or should you?We just got offered eight at 40.We're five for five, gentlemen.And Galveston Capital Fundand Yountville Ventures called.They want to move their meetings upbefore everyone else.Hey, let me try.I want to be rude at this next one.Go for it.So, with some proper funding,we should be able to geta functioning beta in time for CES.And if you don't fund us,you're a fucking slut.(SNIFFING) on...What's that smell? Is that a fart?Are you a (anew?Now, can I have a pastry?Or are you guys gonna eat 'em all?'Cause you're gonna get fat.It's not your fault, Richard.This is just something that can't be taught,so leave the next one to me.I can feel a big one coming on.What are you gonna do?I'm not sure yet, but give me room.There's something inside of methat has to come out,and who am I to stop it?(COMPUTER BEEPS)His balls?He put his balls on the table?- Right on the table.- On purpose?I don't see how it could be by accident.Richard, I just got an emailfrom the guys at Midland-Oak.Apparently, there is a line, and I crossed it...The line between $12 and $15 million!Ba-bam!Midland-Oak's offer just came in.Gentlemen, we are valued at 75 million,fully diluted.Are you shitting me?Take a look at these term sheets.There is a linear correlationbetween how intolerable I was...-(KNOCKING)-...and the height of valuation.Hey. you guys. Um...This is Laurie Bream,the new managing partner at Raviga.Oh, uh.-- Hi. I'm Richard Hendricks.Yes. I recognize you from your photograph.-It's very nice to meet you in person.- Yeah.Okay, so we did that.Gentlemen, I am awareof the degree of interestyou are receiving from other firms.I am aware that participation in your Series Awill require a very competitive offer,but for numerous reasons,I believe it to be the prudent decision.Now I am presenting you with this.$20 million at $100 million valuation?I don't... Uh...This is way more than any other offer.Correct.That is very much intentional.So, I believe that satisfies your requirements?Monica will arrange a timeto formalize the details.Thank you. Have a good day.Uh, thank you.Yes.Congratulations, guys. lam so glad...(ENGINE STARTS)Oh, shit! She's my ride home.I'll call you, Richard.Uh, yeah, okay.- Thanks for stopping...- MONICA: Wait! Laurie, hold on!(LAUGHS)Guys, I think we're funded.- Yes! Richie!- Yeah!(SIGHS)ERLICH: So, I push my dick to the side,unbutton the bottom two buttons and...Bam!Ah!- What are you doing?- Shit. Sorry, sorry. Sorry.(STAMMERS)Meet me on the side of the house.-L... Okay.- Okay. Okay. Go.- Hey.- Hey, what's up?If anyone finds out that I came back here,I will get fired, okay?Okay.- Don't take this deal.What?You are worth half that at best.Oh, wow. Thanks for the compliment.No. The credit to you guys.You negotiated your asses off,but this is a classic runaway valuation.What's wrong with that?Pied Piper will be tied to this crazy valuationthat you will never be able to live up to.If you don't keep increasingin value in the next round,if you have a down round, you are fucked.It is the kiss of death for a young CEO.You want to start with a realistic valuationand grow at a reasonable pace.Okay, well, if it's such a shitty deal,then why did your boss offer it to us?Because she's competitive as hell.She needs Pied Piperto keep Raviga afloat, Richard.- Okay.- Look, I respect Laurie,but this is the exact type of thingPeter never did.Richard, come on. I own shares in Pied Piper.If this high evaluationwas good in the long-term,would I be standing here, risking my job?Don't take our offer.Maybe go with the lowest offer you got.Even that might be too high.(SCOFFS) Again,thank you for the compliment.Also, I didn't see anything in there.No. Yeah, thank you.I was gonna say if you had,you'd have to show me yours, too.(CHUCKLES)- Um...-(CLEARS THROAT)- Okay.- Okay. Thanks for the...Okay.Yeah, sorry about that party.I was in kind of a bad way that night.And truth is, I'm actually doing okay.- Good. That's great.- Yeah.I mean, I could run the scenariosabout what happened all I want,(SIGHING) but I finally just realizedthere's just nothing I can do, you know?Yeah.So, I'm at peace with it all.I was thinking, actually, um,what if you had asked for less?What?Well, what if you could've gone to someoneand asked for less thanwhat they offered that first round?Like, you mean, negotiating them down?- Yeah.- Can you even do that?- Well, yeah. I mean, why not?- Yeah, but...I mean, I guess, technically, I could have.Mmm...Huh.Yeah, I suppose you could arguethat it might've been easierto hit more realistic benchmarksand reach cash flow break-even.Yeah, that's what I'm saying.And then, (SIGHS)we wouldn't have faced that down round.And...We wouldn't havehad to settle for acquisition.All that moneyfucked me.Wow. I mean, I don't know about...- S hit!- Maybe.- Look... Hey...- No, no, no. We could've done a legit Series B.Right? I'd still be CEO.I'd have my job,my kick-ass house.I'd probably still have my girlfriend...- Fuck!- Okay.Why the fuck didn't anyone tell meI could take less?I don't know. I don't know.Ideas come up and then...Fuck!I'll take a cab, so I'll leave you to it.Thanks for meeting me here.Fuck!Richard.Richard, I'm Laurie Bream.I was inside your home yesterday.Have you made a decisionregarding our proposal?Yeah, yeah, we'll go with you guys,but we need to renegotiate the terms.I'm afraid that's untenable.We're offering as much money as we can.Uh, no, no, we wanna go lower.We want less... A lot less, actually.We'll go with Ravigaif you guys do $10 millionat a $50 million valuation,not 20 at 100.I think this is more reasonable,and it's my final offer. Take it or leave it.I was not anticipating this,but I think it will be workable from our end.And one more thing,Monica votes for Raviga's board seat.Certainly that seems unimportant.I will telephone your lawyer tomorrow,and we can speak about the relevant details.Good.(BLUES MUSIC PLAYING)Peter was one of the fewwho genuinely tack actionto use technology to help humanity thrive.But how exactly can we quantifyanother human's contributions to mankind?Let's break it down intoits three component elements.(CLICKING)I met Peter when he was thinking aboutinvesting in my company, Zettasphere,although I think he was hesitantafter his disappointinginitial return from Snapchat.He came on board, anyway,and every month we would meet.Peter was always an honest man,and I know matif Peter were here with us today,he would say thathe was not disappointed in Snapchat.And he would forgive you, Lev,for your misunderstanding.That's just the kind of guy that Peter was,WHITE', generous,and not disappointed in Snapchat.(CLEARS THROAT)I'll never forget the first time I met Peter.It was in his mom's garage,where we started our first business togethermanufacturing VGA graphics cards{or {BM clones.We never looked back.And you know, the last time I saw him,it was at a restaurant,not a half-mile away from that same garage.We talked, as old friends do,he asked me about Jackson Hole,I asked him about Pilates.And yer, something was wrong.Underneath it all,there was an unmistakable tension.A tension I wit! forever regret.It's no secret Peter and I had our differences.We let business get between us.Now?Now I wish I could say Fm sorry for that.Now it's too late. He's gone.And ii makes me realizethe importance of forgiveness,of doing things with loveand compassion in your heart,and not vengeance and competition.I mean, we owe that to each other, dam we?And to him?After all, this valley is the placePeter himself helped build.Where we come together as dreamers,all of us,to truly make the world a better place.This is Florence during the Renaissance.This is Camelot.This is the place Peter himself called"the cradle of innovation. "(SIGHS)I wit! miss my friend.Bye, Pete.Maybe he is a human, after all.(CELL PHONE CHIMES)I'm sorry.It's from Ron LaFlamme."Gavin Belson is suing you."Filed claims today thatyou stole Pied Piper from Hooli."Shit.Gavin Belson is suing us.