Hello?Can anyone hear me?DINESH: This is unbelievable.There are 7,000 people watching this stream,and it's working flawlessly.Rebuffering events are below 0.5%.GILFOYLE: Even when his sobbingshakes the camera,there's no blocking at all.I mean, the quality is great.Why?More good news. There's a storm coming.There's no way the EMS guyscan get up there.This could go on all day.Appreciate your cooperation here, gentlemen.We'll see you this afternoon.Richard, I'm sorry about that.Oh, no, it's fine.The lead counsel of the companythat's suing usjust marched their engineerthrough the houseto make sure the platform they want to seizeis ready for them. (SCOFFS)Felt great.It's like they assume they've already won.Is there any chance they haven't?ERLICH: God damn it, Richard!In addition to stealingtwo of my four-packs of Fage yogurt,your ship-jumping coder cuntshappened to walk offwith the rest of our toilet paper, so that...Hmm.Speaking of shit that can't bewiped away and flushed,how are you, Mr. Mohanahan?Morning, Mr. Bachman.I don't suppose you haveanything to say to meby way of an apology?- Fol'?- For the embarrassing ordealthat you put me through yesterdayin front of over nine people.I think you should be the oneapologizing, Mr. Bachman.You lost your composureand ruined our entire case.I'll see you gentlemen at 3:00.I sham be attending, out of contempt,so this will have to serve as our goodbye.Don't let the door hit ya where God split ya.-L'm sorry.- No.- Richard, I'll see you there?- Yeah.Uh, Pete?Do we have any chance of winning this?When you hired me,I told you I would never lie to you, Richard.Yeah, that's true. You did.I'll see you at 3:00.(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)- Oh, hello, neighbor.- Neighbor.Not for long. Louise helped me sell my house.The ferret laws aremuch more enlightened in Arizona.Arizona, huh?You'll be dead in a month.We'll miss you.This your home?Indeed it is.Are you interested in selling? It's a great time.Not interested.There are people in there who depend on me,human people, not weasel animals.It's a ferret.- Weasels.- NOAH: Ferrets!Corner lot, good square footage,I could probably get youa lot more than I got Noah.How much did you get him?Wait. You're selling the house just like that?It wasn't a rash decision. I agonized over it.- But what about your incubator?- What about it, Jared?Pied Piper has caked its pants,Jian Yang's chances of investmenthave literally gone up in smoke,and you heard what Monahan saidin court yesterday.Market forces and random eventshave conspired against meto make the success of my incubatorall but impossible.Functionally, all I've really achievedis running a flop house where guys have shat,jerked off and paid me no rent.MAN: Why won't anyone come get me?Well, we have accomplished one other thing.We're up over 20,000 viewers.Holy shit. Really?Yeah, Buzzfeed linked to us.Now we're picking up on Reddit.This guy falling off a cliffis the first good luck we've had.And right as we're gaining traction,we have to hand it all overto Gavin fucking Belson.This is fucked.We can't give it to himif we don't have it to give.What do you mean?We do have it to give, and we have to give it.100% of what he's trying to take from usexists digitally on sewers in this house.If we nuke them,there's nothing for him to seize.As far as he knows, it's an accident.No one would believe that.Two weeks ago, we accidentally erasedone-third of lntersite's entire library.I think we've established our ineptitudebeyond a reasonable doubt.Fuck it.I say we delete everything.No. No. No. No.Guys, that's not what we do.We don't destroy things.Not on purpose, anyway.Right? Isn't that the whole reasonwhy you got into this in the first place,to build cool shit?I mean, look at that livestream.It's fucking perfect.And even if Hooli ends up owning it,we built it, with no resourcesand a fucking stream of endless obstacles.I don't know, I mean,I kind of want to see how big it can get,right up until the point where Gavin Belsonhas to fucking take it from us.(PHONE BUZZES)Guys, who is Manny Pa-qui-oh?Pacquiao? He's one of the most famouspeople on the planet Earth.Oh! Manny Pacquiao, the Filipino legislator.No, boxer.Okay, well, he just tweeteda link to our livestream.And he has almost two million followers.Oh, fuck.Oh, fuck.We got to scale upif we're going to handle that kind of traffic.DINESH: I'm gonna compress the manifests.I'll kill the highest bitrateto give us more headroom.(KEYBOARD CLACKING)I've always wanted to bepart of a suicide pact.- What?- That's not what we're doing.Hey, Gilfoyle, we're up to 50,000 views.Whoa. It is, like' 500 degrees in here.Yeah. Anton is really starting to sweat.Yeah, I still can't believeyou gave the servers a man's name.Sorry, I couldn't rememberyour mothers name.Hey, why don't I just open upthe garage door?Let some fresh air in here.Yeah, sure, if you wantthe cooling system to shut downand everything in here to turn to magma.Actually, with all the new serversI have running,we're about to max out the amperageand blow the main breaker anyway.Sooner or later, Gilfoyle's sewersare gonna fail, and then it's all done.My servers can handle 10 times the trafficif they weren't busyapologizing for your shit codebase.DINESH: Oh, yeah? Well, my codebasecould handle this traffic,fuck your mother,make a video of it, upload it,-and even that video would not rebuffer.- Hey, Pete.Hey, I just heard from the judge.He's gonna call us in an hour early.Early? What does that mean?Well, it's either a very good or a very bad sign.Well, actually, it's almost always bad.I take it back. It's a bad thing.Why don't you head over,I'll see you when you get there, okay?Hey, guys, I gotta go.It's time.Try to keep it onlineas long as you can, okay?(CRYING) Why?- The picture quality is remarkable.- Mmm-hmm.And this is all hosted at a data centerthey built themselves in their garage.MAN: Please help me.MONICA: That's right.- Very impressive.- MAN: Please someone help me!It's already becoming a memein the Philippines. Look.-(GUITAR PLAYING IN TUNE)- Why won't anyone come help me?Can anyone hear me?(LAUGHS)MAN: Hello?And Filipinos find this amusing?- MAN: Can anyone hear me?- Apparently.Please help me.I've lost all feeling below the waist.- Why?- They are a fascinating people.How are the numbers?Unless people start getting boredand tuning out, we're gonna hit our capacity.Fuck.MAN: I'm so dehydrated.I'm gonna have to urinateinto my water bottle.Uh, this guy's gonna drink his own piss?That's too good.We're gonna fail by succeeding.Jared, I need youto plug those servers in now.Ave-aye, captain.What a shit-circus. Good riddance.- You're never gonna sell.- What?I mean, look what's happening here.It's magical.The only thing magicalis how much this house has appreciatedin the last three years, Jared.I'm selling.I mean, that's just money. It has no real value.It literally defines value.Look at this check. All right?You can't actually cash it,but think about what it represents.It's priceless.Jared, I saw your entire HR file.It was in the Hooli disclosure.You had a fat salary and stock options.By now, you would be a senior VP.But instead, you walked awayto wrangle extension cordsfor a company that will be defunctin maybe 30 hours.If you're not kicking yourself,even just a little bit,you are objectively insane.I can always find another job,but look at us doing this.It's intoxicating.Don't act like it's not magical.It is.(BANGING)What the fuck is that?Jesus Christ!What the fucking fuck?Hey, guys.On the day that I'm showing the place?Are you serious?I had to shorten up the cable run, so...This is the shortest distance to the garage.Had to do it.It's magical.Huh.RICHARD: So, start with the wide end.Oh, Richard.(WATER RUNNING)Here, let me help you with that.- May w-un...- Relax.- Okay.Just gonna tie your tie.All right.I feel terrible it's come to this, Richard.But who knows?Sometimes things like this are for the best.I know this one is for me.(CLEARS THROAT) if you hadn'tblackmailed me into this arbitration,I was gonna have to goin front of the Hooli Board of Directorsand ask for $250 million to buy you out.Wow. $250 million?Believe it or not,your algorithm is the only wayto make Nucleus work.I was ready to pay whatever it took.Let me ask you this.If I offered you 10 millionfor Pied Piper right now,before we even go in there, would you take it?Really? You'd do that?(LAUGHS) No, of course not.L'm about to get it for free.I'm just fucking with you.I'm sure you'll come up with plenty moreonce-in-a-lifetime ideas, Richard.Or not.There you go.Mmm-hmm.Good luck in there, Richard.Gilfoyle, what are you doing?Jamming the breakers so they don't trip.That's not a huge fucking fire hazard?Yeah, of course it is. This whole shit boxcould go up at any second.No, no. No. No fires in here.I already had that conversationwith Jian Yang, I think.Two hundred thousand views. Fuck!Gilfoyle, we need to buildthe caching mechanisms now!It's the only way the clusters will scale.Okay, sounds good. Do it.I can't do it on my own, Gilfoyle!Hey, Erlich, I need another coder here!None of these guys can help me.Sorry, amigo. I don't code anymore.-(KNOCKING)- Remember? Carpal Tunnel Syndrome.Well, then we're fucked.This thing is gonna crash any second.Mr. Bachman,- I am sorry to drop in on you like this...- DINESH: Erlich, Seriously!-...but I have got the buyers here.- DINESH: Shit!He's gonna drink his own piss!- Gilfoyle, I need some fucking help!- Sorry, Louise,-this isn't a great time. I'm entertaining...- GILFOYLE: l told you already, I'm busy!...and I have some minor cosmetic repairsto do before I show the house.Oh, no, they don't even need to look inside.They only want the properly for the lot value.- DINESH: Seriously, I can't do this by myself!- Lot value? Meaning?You have to realize your houseis a total teardown, right?They want to tear this place down?DINESH: Gilfoyle, the caching mechanisms!We're gonna crash!GILFOYLE: I told you, get Erlich to do it.DINESH: Richard said keep it online!- Uh, Mr. Bachman.- DINESH: I can't do this by myself!They want to make an offerright now, all cash.Mr. Bachman, l thinkyou would be foolish to turn this down.Did you just call me a fool?- No. All I meant was...- Madam,you do not call a man a foolon the transom of his own home.A home that happens to bethe world headquarters of a companykeeping streaming videoof a man who's about to drink his own urineonline for tens of thousands of Filipinos.Does that sound like foolishness to you?So, you can tell your clients, respectfully,that they may go fuck themselves.(SLAMS)(CRYING)(MAN CRYING)All right, I'm gonna start compiling varnishto cache the manifest.Dinesh, you reduce the seedsin the P2P swarm, got it?Let's fucking do this.I knew you wouldn't sell.Jared, respectfully, shut the fuck up.I'm working.(SIZZLING)MAN". I don't wanna drink my pea.What's that smell?...which I weighedin making my final decision.A decision I do not take lightly.Now, in concerning...(MAN CRYING ON PHONE)Mr. Hendricks, are you on your phone?No.It says, "Aim at the base of the fire."That's the sewers.If you hit those servers'you kill our livestream, Jared.All right. I don't know what to do!- Maybe we should do verbal SWOT analysis?- DINESH: 298,000! 299,000!Our check is burning!He's drinking his own urine.He's drinking his piss.We're up over 300,000 viewers!- Hello? I'm down here! Hello?-(HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING)DINESH: Wait, who the fuck is that guy?Wait, wait. They're rescuing him.(CRYING) Why did it take you so long?Wait. He shut it off.290, 270... Everyone's leaving.It's over.Holy shit.- We did it.- We fucking did it.We stayed online till the end.(LAUGHING)Fuck, yeah.(LAUGHING)-(ELECTRICITY FRIZZLES)- Oh!I wonder if Richard got to see that....which is why I had no recoursebut to rule that, since Mr. Hendricks,by his own admission,used Hooli equipmentto facilitate the development of Pied Piper,then pursuant to California Labor Code,Hooli has a right to ownershipof Pied Piper's underlying IP.- MAN: Congrats.-(CHATTERING)- Congratulations.- Well done.- Very well done.- Congratulations.You did a very good job, very impressive.PETE: Richard, I'm sorry.I really am.We're now at 78 viewers,which still seems high.Like, who's watching a blank screen?We never went down, gents.Anton really carried us.DINESH: Oh, one, still a weird name,and two, this wasa win for our software stack.Your software can chokeon my fat fucking balls.Guys.Richard just texted me.He says delete it.- What?- He says,"We just lost. It's my company.Delete it all. Now.“(SOFTLY) Motherfucker.Now, Pied Piper, you concededon all of these minor counts.Accordingly, on the countof wrongful solicitation,I find Richard Hendricks did indeedbreach his contract with Hooliwhen he hired away a Hooli employee,one Donald Dunn,AKA Jared, AKA O.J., apparently.But this is where things get interesting.Mr. Belson, there is language in this contractthat the California Supreme Courthas deemed unlawful.Preventing Mr. Dunnfrom seeking employment elsewhereis a violation of his rights.Are you aware of this?I was not, but I'm willingto drop that count altogetherif it makes things easier.Well, here's the thing.This clause was unlawfulwhen you included itin Mr. Hendricks' employment agreement.Right. As I said,I'm willing to just move past this.See, again, I don't think you understand.If Mr. Hendricks hadn't hired Mr. Dunn,or you hadn't pursued him for that hire,I'm not sure I would've noticed the violation.But you did, so I did.(SOFTLY) What's happening?Justice, baby.And what I find is,this is an unenforceable contract.It is null and void.So, effectively, Mr. Hendricks never hada valid employment agreement with Hooli.As a result, Hooli has no claimto ownership of Pied Piper's underlying IP.That is my ruling.And per your arbitration agreement,it is binding and final.Thank you, everyone.What the fuck just happened? We lost'?You gotta be fucking kidding me!We won. We won, right?I mean, Pied Piper is ours?Richard, not long ago,emergency workerspulled me out of the flaming wreckage-of my Mercury Grand Marquis.- All right.Today, you pulled me out ofthe flaming wreckage of my life,and those flames burn far hotter.- Sure.- For that, I thank you.Yeah, you're welcome.I used to take a tampon,soak it in grain alcohol,and stick it up into my rectum.That got me high, Richard,but not half as highas the drug you just gave me.You know what that drug's called?No.A second chance.Right on. Uh...Well, thank you. You did great.Great job.Wow! I mean, I totally thoughtwe were gonna lose that.I actually told the guys to...Oh, my God.All right, I just wrote a mod of DBAN.As soon as we run it,it will delete the entire code repository.Pied Piper will literally vanish.-(PHONE BEEPING)- Wait, what? What?No. No, no, no. Fuck!Ah...Are we sure we have to do this?You read the text, Jared.If anything had changed,Richard would have called by now. Right?Shit, no! God damn it.(KEYS CLATTERING)(EXCLAIMS)So all you have to do is press that button,and the entire platform's obliterated.And no one will ever be able to recover it.Yep, one click and poof."The power to destroy a thingis the absolute control over it."Frank Herbert, Dune.All right then. Here we go.Three, two, one...Wait, wait.Shouldn't we drinkone last toast to Pied Piperbefore we burn it to the fucking ground?All right. As long as Godisn't involved and there's beer.Okay. Okay.But if we're claimingthis happened before the ruling,we should do it quickly.Damn. Hey, I need to use your phone.Sorry, I can only allow that for customers.I'm just gonna use it.Oh, shit.I don't know any of their numbers.They're all on my phone. (CHUCKLES)God damn it! Fuck!I need to use your phone to email my friendso he doesn't delete Pied Piper.Please.(BUS DOOR HISSES)Bus? Okay.- ALL: To Pied Piper.-(BOTTLES CLINKING)Wait, is this a wheat beer'?I can't drink this without a lemon.Noah's got a lemon tree.Fuck him over one last time?Okay, but then we're...- Then we're gonna do it.- Yeah.Thank you so muchfor letting me use your phone.Just one email and I'm done, I swear.As long as you don't shit, piss,or puke on my bus, it's all good.Okay.I hope it's not weird thatthe email's coming from your account.(COMPUTER DINGS)I did not know lemon trees had thorns.Wait.This one has like a bruise on it.Hmm.No response. Nothing.Fuck.Hey, thanks.Don't get that shitty one.Get that nice one up there.Yeah, I think the ferrets havenibbled some of the lower ones.(PANTING)Okay, there's no wayI could have squirted this lemonin your eye on purpose from this distance.I'm not a fucking lemon sniper.- You'd be more of a lemon suicide bomber.-(KNOCKING FRANTICALLY)- RICHARD: Guys. Guys!-lt's Richard.Why is he knocking? He has my keys.We need to delete it before he comes in.RICHARD: Let me in!Richard. Richard.Don't delete it.Did you delete it?Oops.Oops? What does that mean, "Oops"?You said "delete."Fuck.Oh, wait.- Hold on.What?Gilfoyle, what's happening? What?That's weird. Kernel panic.The whole system just crashed.So, what does that mean?Did you delete Pied Piper or not?-Nope.-(SIGHS)We definitely did not.All thanks to Dinesh's garbage code.The software you wroteto delete our software just shit the bed.- No surprise.- No, my software's fine.It's 'cause it's running on your shit hardware.GILFOYLE: My hardware handledeverything else just fine...DINESH: It caught fucking fire!-...until your shit softwarespread like a virus and killed it.- Restart it! Restart it!- I will restart it.No, no, no, don't restart it. Don't restart it.We won.- We won?- We won?Yeah, we beat Gavin Belson, and we won.Holy shit.(LAUGHING)We won.What the fuck happened here?Magic.Gilfoyle's shit hardware caught fire.No, 'cause your shit softwarewas slowing it down.And then Erlich coded and it gave me chills.Gilfoyle made a hole in the wall.- Look!- GILFOYLE: I did.JARED: It was frightening. (LAUGHS)Did you hear he just lost the Pied Piper suit?That's nothing. They're sayinghalf of all Hooli employment agreementsmay be legally invalid.You don't thinkthe board will get rid of him, do you?Maybe.- Two, please.- MAN: Sure, coming right up.I'm hearing a lot of chatterabout that Nelson Bighetti guy over at XYZ.I mean, three promotions in a year?President of Hooli Cancerand AIDS societies?That doesn't just happen.He must be smart as hell.Gavin, come in.(SOFTLY) Motherfuck.Wait, what?I am rarely wrong about these things.You have an aura about you.An aura that if carefully managed by someonewith the necessary spiritual expertise,could be harnessed to great effect.Okay.RUSS: Monica.Russ, what are you doing here?Question. What's got two thumbsand three commas?This guy.- What?- RUSS: Yeah.Like, 10 minutes afterboy genius won his lawsuit,your boss lady gave me a call.We just did a deal.She put me back over a "B." (GRUNTS)- It means a billion.- Yeah, I got it.I got a lot of cars, you know,if you want to go for a drive some time.Got my own.Does it go like this?Does it go like this? No?Think about it.MONICA: Laurie.I just ran into Russ Hanneman leaving.He said you made him somekind of, uh, a deal.Yes.He was substantially difficult,truly repugnant.And when we finalized our agreement,he described his erection to me.But in the end,I managed to buy100% of his interest in Pied Piper.Let us never speak of him again.(CHUCKLES) Well, that is fine by me,and I'm so glad thatyou got him away from Pied Piper.I mean, now that their suit has been resolved,I think that they're about to becomesomething really special.Their core technology, it's visionary.Absolutely.Also, the entirety of their recent stumbleswith Homicide, with Intersite,with the very decision to pursue videoinstead of more pioneering applications,this was all rooted in human error,which is why I found it prudentto secure Hanneman's shares,his voting rights, and, most critically,his board seats.Right. Russ has two board seats.He did.Now, Hendricks votes one,Bachman votes one,and we, at Raviga,we vote three.That is a majority.We can now take the necessary stepsto ensure that Pied Piperis properly managed.(STUTTERS)What are you saying? (CHUCKLES)I don't understand.Monica, I believe you do.ALL: (CHANTING) Always blue! Always blue!Always blue! Always blue! Always blue!(YELLING)- That was a long one.-(PHONE BUZZING)DINESH: It's not the first time I've heard that.Monica, what's up?When are you getting here?The party has already started,and it's getting pretty crazy. (LAUGHS)ERLICH: I have yet to smoke weed.- What's wrong?- JARED: This is the best day of my life.- Um, okay.- GILFOYLE: And yet, no girls.There's nothing to it, it's just luck.Okay, well, then do it.Beat my 43.- Beat my 43.- ERLICH: I'd like to smoke weed.DINESH: That's the difference between youand me, you smoke weed all day,I learn a valuable skill.Richard, are you okay?Yeah, who died?Um...What just happened?Well, apparently,Raviga held an emergency meetingof Pied Pipers Board of Directors.Oh, no.And they voted to remove meas CEO of my own company.I just got fired.And what about me?