How can Gavin Belson claimthat he owns Pied Piper?I mean, this whole lawsuit is insane, right?Well, let me ask you something, Richie...And I need you to betotally straight with me...Was Pied Piper related in any wayto what you were doing whenyou were working at Hooli?No. No, not at all. I was doingquality assurance for mobile messaging.It had nothing to do with compression.They didn't even have acompression division at that time.And did you work on Pied Piper on Hooli timeor use Hooli equipmentto develop it in any way- at any time, Richie?- No, and no.Great. And by the way,always tell me that...and tell yourself that.Because if you believe it, a jury will, too.Oh, I... I do believe it. It's the truth.Great. That one was evenbetter than the other one.I love it. Always say it exactly like that.Yeah, okay. Look...We're going to win this, right?Richie, if what you justtold me is the truth...And don't tell me if you lied...Gavin's got nothing here.This is a classic intimidation lawsuitdesigned to freeze you untilafter Nucleus comes to market.It's got all the usual boilerplate nonsense:"Breach of contract," "unjust enrichment,""breach of non-solicitation" in thehiring of someone named Donald Dunn.Jared. We call him Jared.Changing his name to get outof it... clever but irrelevant,because all we care about arethe intellectual-property claims.And we will win this...- Good.- but we're going to have to lawyer up.What do you mean? Aren't you our lawyer?I'm not a litigator. That's what you need.Another lawyer? Really?Lawyers, Richie. You don'twant to mess around here.A young start-up with an IPlawsuit hanging over its head?I wouldn't want to be a part of that team.Well, but you are a part of that team.I'm part of the team that team is on.Yeah. It's... It justsounds really expensive.Says the guy who just gotbukkaked with fat term sheets.Welcome to the business, Richie.Look, wherever we're at with your funding,legal fees will be worked into the deal.You've got Raviga. You're covered.Relax."We're out"? What do you mean, "we're out"?Was it not clear from the context?We at Raviga are out of thebusiness of funding Pied Piper,at least while the Hoolilawsuit remains unresolved.That suit is total nonsense.Nonsense is not aquantifiable metric, Monica.Risk is.Funding any early-stage companyis a high-risk proposition,but compound that uncertaintywith a legal cloudover the company's intellectualproperty, and it's untenable.And that is just the financialrisk. There is also a legal risk.We could become embroiled in GavinBelson's lawsuit for aiding and abetting.And there is a politicalrisk... for the firm,but especially for me as its new leader.I'm being heavily scrutinizedfrom both within and without.I cannot have my first decision post-Peterbe one with such dubious fundamentals.It's a rudimentary decision.How am I supposed to tell them this?In my experience, it's bestto look a person in the eyeand deliver the informationwith warmth and compassion.Okay.One other suggestion...Dress unattractively when you tell them.I read a study. The less sexualinterest they feel for you,the less perturbing itwill be. It sounds strange,but it's credible.May I suggest the... The beige ensemblein which you came to work... Tuesday?Things are just really different at Raviga,and I had nothing to do with the decision.Guys, I'm so, so sorry.Wait, so the company that offered us the mostuntil Richard talked theminto offering us the leastis now offering us nothing?But the fact that you're sosorry makes it all better.You guys will be fine.You'll find someone else.We don't want someone else, Monica.The whole point of going with you guyswas because we trust you guys.- Trusted.- We still have our 5% stake,and Laurie said that I canstill sit on the board,which means I can still come to meetings...Can I say something here?First off, Monica, you're notfooling any of us for even a secondwith your dress-shitty-to-ease-the-pain routine.It's a classic chick break-up move,and you're not very good atit either. You look great.Yeah, beige is a good color for you.You're a true autumn.Secondly, who cares?We have a three-foot stack of term sheetsfrom the top VCs on the face of the planet.So the top one fell out. As Jay Z says,on to the next one.Jared, who's our next best offer?Uh, between the numbers and the reputation,that would be Coleman Blair Partners.I'm gonna go put my face on.Call Coleman Blair. Tell them thatSanta Claus is coming early this year,and he's bringing a big bag of Pied Piper.Well, I'm going to leave this roomwithout saying goodbye to you.I'm sure you can find your wayout with one of your two faces.Sorry about that.The guys are just a little emotional.No, I... I get it.And look, I probably shouldn't say this,but there are a lot ofreally great VCs in town.You'll be fine.- I just...- Just what?Just tell them that you're reallyexcited to be in business with themand try to close quickly.You know, while momentumis still on your side.Well, it's gonna break a lotof hearts on Sand Hill Road,but congratulations.We decided to go with you.Uh, we were told that youwere going with Raviga.And I am happy to say thatis no longer the case.We're really excited to bein business with you guys.Can I ask... Did you walk away from them,or did they walk away fromyou because of the lawsuit?Ah, that lawsuit we know to be frivolous.Yeah.Is that a "yes" folder?No.So no pastries today, huh?So both Raviga and ColemanBlair Partners passed- because of the lawsuit?- Frivolous suit. It's nothing.Look, before we start negging each other...- Negging?- It's a term used in sexual manipulation.Maybe not relevant here.We're really excited to bein business with you guys.Hmm.We actually see this lawsuit as a positive.We will win, and it provesthat we have something worth suing over.And yet Raviga, Coleman Blair Partners,and Wood Opal Fund have all passed.We're really excited to bein business with you guys.Hmm.You know term sheets aren'tlegally binding documents, right?Of course not. They're just guidelinesthat people follow,unless, of course, they're pussies.You came in here three days ago.You were arrogant,condescending, and offensive.Now you come in here, you call me a pussy...Whoa, whoa, I did not call you a pussy.I said that people who breakterm-sheet agreements are pussies,and that hasn't happened... yet.Thus I haven't called you a pussy... yet.You're in control of the situation.Hooli has the unlimitedresources to hamstring youuntil Nucleus comes out, at which point,they will be the market standard,and you will be irrelevant.We're here to invest in innovation,not lawyers,so let me be perfectly honest with you.Your behaviorwas boorish and juvenile...You were rude, vulgar and uncouth.You were course, graceless and puerile.Obscene, insulting and ignorant.Ignorant?You called me a shit-riddled anal wasteland.You called me a chode gargling fuck-toilet.We're really excited to bein business with you guys.Uh, guys, I hate to panic youuntil I'm absolutely sure it's warranted,but Richard just texted me.We got our seventh pass.- Fuck.- Fuckin' Gavin Belson.All the VCs turned on us.Apparently, Erlich used some prettyassertive vaginal metaphors last round,so it's been a bit of an uphill climb.I think we're going to haveto crunch our burn-rate again.Even with the $50,000 from TechCrunch,we're not going to last very long.Wait, wait, wait. No, no, no.Richard said we were goingto split that money, right?- $10,000 each?- I don't think we can afford to do that anymore.Fuck!I just donated $5,000 to my cousinWajeed's Kickstarter campaign.He's trying to get an appcalled... Bro off the ground.- Bro?- It's a messaging app that lets you send the word "bro"to everyone else who has the app.So it's exactly like the "Yo" app.Yes, but less original.Why don't you just cancel your credit card?That way Kickstartercan't collect your pledge.Well, I would love to, but he looks up to me.I was always like the cool cousinof the family. You know what I mean?Wait. Did you just sayyou were the cool cousin?Yeah.Please explain.Well, when we were kids, I wasthe one getting good grades,I was the one who was planning for my future.I would bring gifts for my teachers,'cause they worked so hard.You know, cool stuff. He wasalways getting in trouble,he got caught smoking opium in the tool shed,he crashed my uncle's motorbike.And you think you're the cool one?Yeah, it's different in Pakistan.I've never been, but I know it isn't.Oh, here it is... "Bro to Bro isa one-bit communication messenger,"the fastest way to speak your mind."As long as what's on yourmind is the word "bro."Well, he's still shy of his goal.If he doesn't get there, noneof the pledges get collected.I feel horrible for what I'm about to say,but I really hope he fails.That is the first coolthing you've ever said.You know what? This may not be an issue.Richard and Erlich areheading into their last stop.I trust Erlich can bediplomatic and pull it off.A few days ago, I came inhere, I did some thingsand said some things that I should not have.Also we would like to be openabout the fact that Pied Piperis involved in a complicated legal matterthat could affect our potential value.And that being said, we are opento renegotiating the fundingterms to reflect that.But most of all, I want to thank you.Thank youfor allowing me to come in here todayand be vulnerable and to apologize.Mr. Bachman,I didn't have you come allthe way back here todayjust to apologize to me.Uh, please, it's Erlich. And... you didn't?Of course not. I... I asked you backbecause three days ago I sat right here,and I watched you put yourtestes on this reclaimedBrazilian Koa wood table,and now you're going to sit thereand you're going to watch me dothe same goddamn thing to you.- What? What?- My turn.- No... but it's your table!- Yes, it is my table.- Richard: Oh, man. Please don't do that.- Erlich: Good god!I think you should cancelyour Kickstarter campaign.- Whoa, what?- Listen, I love your idea.- You know I do, right, bro?- Yeah. Bro?Bro? Like, it lets you send the word"bro" to anyone else that has the app.I know what it is. You'veexplained it to me so many times.I love it, but you know, I'm not saying...Other people are, like,saying horrible stuff.I'm supporting you, and they're saying, like,"Oh, he couldn't get funding,so he had to go to Kickstarter"like some charity casecollecting money from strangers,"like a street beggar who sits on the ground,- "eats trash."- Really?Yeah.Look, just between us,I was thinking about canceling, anyways,because we're way, way under our goal.Really? Really?Like, embarrassingly low.Hmm. You know what?- That sucks.- It does really suck.But I think it's the right thing to do.- Well, you're right.- 'Cause you don't want bad word of mouthto kill such a great idea.Yeah, like with whathappened to your app. Yeah.What do you mean, what happened to my app?Everybody started talking about howbad it was and you ended up giving up.I didn't give up. I leftto go work on Pied Piper.So you're saying, then, thatif Pied Piper didn't happen,you would still be working on your app?Even though all those peoplejust shit, like, all over...Like all of them.________You know what? You're right, you'reright. That's what makes you so cool,that you have the fuckingbackbone to say that.- Fuck those people.- Yeah, fuck 'em all.- Fuck those people.- Fuck them.I'm not going to cancel myKickstarter campaign. Fuck 'em.Wait, hold on one second.Yeah, no, you know what?You're right. Fuck them.I'm not going to cancelit, and I'm going to throwa huge Kickstarter party.I'm gonna invite everyone that I know,and we're going to put Bro over the top.Everybody, this guy is the coolest cousin!Thank you for the $5,000, eh? Whoo!At least I have the commondecency to shave mine.Before you pull them out in public?So you're complaining aboutthe guy's sense of decorum?Absolutely. We live in a society.I can't believe we are this fucked.Guys, something interesting just happened.So I downloaded Wajeed'sBro app out of curiosityand found it very sticky.I've never felt like Iwas anyone's bro before.The only people who have usedthat term with me were assailants,but, um, I started bro'ingpeople and getting bro'ed back.This is my nightmare.And all of a sudden, I'm broswith all kinds of people,including a guy from Branscomb Ventures.Branscomb? That's a solid shop.Yes. So we bro'ed about this and that,and then when he heardI worked at Pied Piper,he got excited, he triple-liked my"bro," and asked about meeting us.Okay, but does he know about the lawsuit?Yeah, I told him. I mean,you know what they say,"Bros disclose." No one says that.Wait, doesn't Branscomb alreadyhave its own compression play?Yeah, but not a good one, apparently.I mean, they want to sit down withall of us, engineers included.That only happens in asecond or third meeting.Technical due diligence. That's good.Okay, Jared, what... What did you tell him?Um, I was waiting a bit to "bro" him back,so that I don't seem over-eager.Bro him back! Bro him back.Bro him.We're not dead yet, guys.Well, get some sleep, my bros.I'll set the meeting, and, um,then I'll go find some hoesto prioritize behind you.Are you trying to say "Bros before hoes"?It's sexist, but it's about friendship.Middle-out is based on acompletely new probabilistic model.It finds long-range structure that's hiddeneven to domain-optimized algorithms.I'm sorry, is... Is this too in the weeds?Not at all. Take us into the weeds.Wouldn't you rather hearour go-to-market strategy?You mentioned something earlier aboutstacking middle-out on top ofanother compression algorithm.How does that even work?I mean, you can't compress somethingthat's already compressed to entropy.- Right?- Wow.Uh, I don't really get too many ofthose questions in meetings like these.But, uh, it's actuallyeasier if I... if I show you.- May I?- Absolutely.Okay, great. Here... here I go.Stacking middle-out is actually very real.- Let's take...- Do you have to pee, Jared?- Because I have to pee.- Richard: So, when you unpack...I would love to pee.Down to the symbolic level.There. When you stack middle-out...- They're brain-raping us, right?- They definitely are.Shit. All right, wait here.What are you doing?I told you I didn't have togo pee. What is happening?Those guys are never going tofund us. We need to leave now.What are you talkingabout? This is going great.I mean, VCs are never interestedin how middle-out actually works.Of course they're interested,because they want to steal it.This is a classic brain-rape.- What?- We did it at Hooli all the time.We'd schedule meetings with companies,so they'd explain their technology,then we'd use their ideas in our products.- Like what happened to Yelp.- Yes.It's like when somebody saysthey want to go birding with you,but really they just want toget you alone in the woods,so they can take your binoculars.Look, those guys aren't doingtechnical due diligence.They're not even consultants.They're a compression company.One of them has braces, for fuck's sake.Braces! Shit.Dinesh and Gilfoyle are still in there.Middle-out doesn't restrict itselfto H.264's two-dimensional gridor time-bound patterns at all.This is great. Great.You know, they usually don't bring usto these things, and I think I know why.It's 'cause we steal the show.You guys are really helpful.All right, shut it down.Meeting over. We're out of here.No more pictures, assholes.I could email you... Whyis this not coming off?No, you're not emailing anybody.Damn it, Jared.We were bros. We were bros.Wajeed: Yo, yo, yo, justwant to thank everyonefor coming out to thisKickstarter party for Bro,the app that proves thatyou can change the worldin just one word!Actually, it's just half a word.I know. It's so efficient.As you can see, we're just$5,000 away from our goal.But we got a whole hour left, people.So let's get those "bronations" going.Donations are funny, right?I mean, why would anybodydonate to something like Broand not a homeless shelter or schools?Cancer? That's still out there.Any of us could have it.Food for thought...which a lot of people also don't have.Have a great party, guys.You could donate if you want,but he's throwing awayhalf the world's market.You know what "bro" means in Mandarin?It means "asshole."You know what "bro" meansin Portuguese? "Rapist."In Latvian, it roughly translates to"one who beheads the messiah."In Finnish, "bro" means "a baby's erection."In Urdu, "bro" is actually short for...which means "a dildo for a man."A man's dildo."Fecal eclipse."It loses something in translation.We don't have a word for it. They do.It's "bro."You know what "bro" means in Navajo?A really joyful personwith mental disabilities.All right, less than a minute to go, people.And we're just two grand away.Come on, you can do it, come on.That's that I'm talking about!$500 from "Gilfoyle-underscore-Luci4."Where you at, bro? whereveryou're at, you're my bro.Looks like I got here just in time, bro.What the fuck did you do thatfor? Do you know how this works?If you put him over theedge, we both owe him money?But you have to pay a lot more.Wajeed: 30 seconds left! I'meffectively leveraging your misery.Somebody! Anybody! I'm like theWarren Buffett of fucking with you.$1100! Come on, bros. You're a dick.Only $1100 left. I might be good for that.- Gilfoyle, please.- I'll tell you what.You pay me $500, and I won't pledge anymore.For 500 bucks, you save $5,000.I'm not giving you a dime.- Nine, eight, seven...- Okay, I'm pledging.- No. Stop. Let me...- Stop it. 500. It costs 500. 500.- Okay.- Three, two...It doesn't matter. It's notlike he's going to make his...What the fuck?Yes, yes, yes! We did it! Who was it?That's not how that was supposed to go.Mika! Mika, I love you, you Mika!Who is that... tall Asian woman?Some woman that Wajeed is fucking.She was in the Olympics.Huh.He really is the cool cousin.Even with the 50 grand we got at TechCrunch,we've only got a few weeks left ofrunway before we crash and burn.Richard, if it makes you feel any better,I put that Branscomb guy in his place.I dropped him from Bro,but not before I sent one final angry "bro."What do you mean? You can make themangry? You can make "bros" angry?Well, he made this bro angry.But technically, no, The"bro" I sent was identicalto the previous "bros" I sent,but I think he'll inferthe anger from context.This is Ron on the phone. I gotta take it.Yeah, okay.- Hello, Ron.- Hey, Richie.I gotta bounce on over to my mind-body thing,but I just wanted to give you the good news.I got you a top-shelf litigator.Yeah, uh, we should probably discuss that.You're gonna sweat me aboutthe cost, right? Don't.I hammered them on their fee.They're going to bring it way down.Okay, so how much?This whole thing is going tocost you 2, 2.5 million tops.- What?- I know, right. It's like it's free.I told you, I pay for myself.So I'm going to need you to headon down to their offices tomorrowat 10:00 AM. You slapan 80K retainer on them,and we are good to go.Oh, shit.I... okay, I actuallyhave another call, so...I'll get out of your pubes.I'm emailing you intros to theguys you're meeting tomorrow.Later.Hello?Oh, uh, hello.Yes, uh-huh.Sure, just me?Okay, what time?Hello.Richard. Thanks for coming.What are we doing, Richard?Lawsuits and lawyers?You out there gettingrejected by every VC in town?Neither of us want this,but maybe together we can find a way out.Yeah, easy... Drop the lawsuit.You know I can't do that. Ididn't steal Pied Piper from you,and you know it.Well, that's up to the courts to decide.And until they do, you're frozen.Meanwhile, my best engineersare working around the clockto get me a middle-outalgorithm that surpasses yours.And in January when we haveit and we come to market,you won't just be frozen, you'll be dead.You played your best hand,Richard, and you lost.It's just business. So...wouldn't you rather get somethingout of Pied Piper while you still can?- Let me acquire you.- What? No way. Are you kidding me?We should have just done this the first time.I know you thought aboutit. It's the perfect fit.You get my infrastructure, I get your speed,and I get it today ratherthan in a month or two.What's the downside?The downside is that everything I'm buildingbecomes the property of yourgiant, soulless corporation.And what exactly do youthink you're building?You're out there trying to getfunding so you can hire people,scale up, roll out a product, IPO,and eventually become a publicly-traded what?Corporation.We would be different.I see. I suppose once Pied Piperis a billion-dollar company,you'll seek out yourcompetitors and help them.Please. Let's face it.What is Hooli if not the bestpossible future version of Pied Piper?You think you're buildingsomething different? No.You're building something that's exactlythe same as what I've already built,except with you instead of me, butthat's not possible now, Richard.But you know what is? We could buildsomething together, you and me.Something great. Somethingthe world needs now.Look, I don't have to do this.I'm just trying to do the right thing here.So what do you say?You want to know what I say?Okay, here's what I say.