RICHARD: This is a good buyout.It's way better than what Gavin offered before.And our packages includenice salaries, cash earn-outs,stock in Hooli, which vests afteronly four years of working there.I mean, this seemslike a pretty good deal, right?Hooli?You really think we'd go work for Hooli?What the fuck is wrong with you, Richard?What other options do we have?We need serious fundingto go up against Nucleus,and we don't have that.- So, listen...- I will listento the sound of you chortling on my balls.- Okay.Richard, I'm an independent businessman.Emphasis on "independent" and "business."And "man," come to think of it.Count me out.Actually, you're notbeing offered employment at Hooli.They'd give you a full buyout.How big?Okay, maybe I'm not explaining this right.I mean, when you heardGavin Belson say it, it sounds much clearer.He's saying, rather thanput us out of business,he'd prefer to just take usand make us part of his, um, Hoo...Okay, that does sound bad.But, look, you just had to be there, okay?He's very articulate.Richard, you didn't leave your drinkunattended around Gavin, did you?Yeah, you don't sound like yourself.I'm fine. And for what it's worth,Monica thinksthis is the right thing for us to do.What?You told Monica about thisbefore you told us?I don't know, Gilfoyle.I guess I thought that Monica wouldactually give this rational thoughtas opposed to ordering meto chortle her balls.Guys, Richard's right.It's a pretty good deal, all things considered,and, Richard, I'd understand if you took it.Thank you, Jared.But Hooli was like an abusive spouse to me.You know, like that guy who marriedJulia Roberts in Sleeping with the Enemy?It was dehumanizing.But then, you, Richard,you pulled me out of the lifeand you gave me hopeand you gave me a sense of self-worth.Like Richard Gere did to Julia Robertsin Pretty Woman.- This is weird.- Every day herehas been like that shopping-spree scene.- I'm putting on hats.- RICHARD: Okay.Julia Roberts aside,are you guys sayingthat you'd rather me let Pied Piper die?'Cause that's what's going to happenif we don't take this deal.Face it, Gavin has us cornered.He has you cornered.Yeah, we can just go work on our apps.Sorry, I'm not going to go work for Hooli.Same for me,except for the pan about being sorry.And this buyout sucks.I'll have nothing to do with it.If you're going to go at this one,it sounds like you're goingto have to go at it alone, hoss.Okay, so if I go to Hooli,you don't want your check?Of course I want my check.What are you, insane?But I think it's important for me to showmy dissatisfaction by walking out on you.Richard, I'd understand if you took it,but watching you end up over therewould break my heart.What, like Julia Robertsfrom My Best Friend's Wedding?I never saw it.(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)(SIGHS)(HIP HOP BLARING)(TIRES SCREECHING)Richard Hendricks.What's happening?Russ Hanneman. True pleasure to meet you.Oh, yeah, I think I recognize you from TV.Yeah, you do.Uh, how do you know who I am?Good question. No reason I would.But I watched your wholeTechCrunch thing online, twice.That whole spazz thing you did...(SPUTTERING)(LAUGHS)That was fucking priceless.So I called the Pied Piper number,and somebody saidyou were heading over to Hooli.The guy sounded like he waseither Chinese or retarded.Uh, Jian-Yang.Yeah, I don't know what that means.You know, Richard, back before I blew up,I got fucked with, too.You think you're the first guyto take this ride?You're hot, you're sued,then the guy suing youoffers you a buyout, am I right?Wow. Yeah, actually you're exactly right.That's what's happening.- Like my ride?- Uh...They don't make it in this color.They did it just for me.Guys in this towndon't have the balls to drive a car like this.They're billionairesand they drive fuckin' Priuses.Why?I think mainly just environmental concerns.They're all lemmings, Richard.Everyone in this town is.Just look at them. Lemming, lemming.Okay.I scratched my car.It's the rivet in my pants.These are cool pants, too.Fuck, that's a deep scratch.That will not buff out.Motherfucker! Fuck it.Let me ask you a question, Richard.Have you ever had beef?Like, with someone' like fighting?- No, the food.- Oh. Yeah.No, you haven't. Get in.-Okay.- Giddy up!- You in?- Almost.- Let's do this, Richard.- Okay.{MUSIC BLARING){ENGINE REVVING)Shit. "D." Drive!Come on, fuck you! Drive!Which is why I counselany young founder todayto pursue your dreamnot for profit or valuation or material wealth,but for the good of humanity.Which is easy for you to say,being a billionaire.(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)Let me change the subject. I have...I don't care for your tone, Kara.I'm getting a little tired of this biasagainst the leaders of our industry.I'm continually creating jobsand helping people,and I'm tired of getting slapped for it.I didn't steal the money I have'and I resent being treated like I did.You know, there is a climate in this countrythat is very dangerous.It's dangerous out there for billionaires?(AUDIENCE LAUGHS)There's that attitude again, Kara.Billionaires are people, too.We are leaders in technology,in industry, in finance.Look at history.Do you know who else vilified a tiny minorityof financiersand progressive thinkers called the Jews?(ALL JEERING)Wait a minute. Did you just comparethe treatment of billionaires in America todayto the plight of the Jews in Nazi Germany?Absolutely.One could argue that billionairesare actually treated worse.And we didn't even do anything wrong.We're an even smaller minority.There's a lot more of them.These are facts.RUSS: So then it hits me.We take this thing called "the radio"and put it on this new thingcalled "the Internet.“And no one was doing it. No one.So we started Hoovering up the deals.Eat this, open your mouth.Open your mouth. Good.Eat it, eat it. Don't chew, just let it dissolve.- Hold.- This is very hot.Hold.It just think it's physically impossiblefor it to dissolve in my mouth.Hold. Now chew, chew, chew!It's very hot. It's good, it's good.Good? It's the fucking best.This whole place is.You call this place and they don't know you,they pretend they don't speak English.You see a white face in here? No, you don't.Anyway, next thing you know, we IPO,stock triples in a day and AOL gobbles us up.All of a sudden,I'm 22 years young and I'm worth 1.2 B.Now a couple decades later,I'm worth 1.4. You do the math.Okay. Well, that's a gainof $200 million over 20 years.16.66 repeating.That's less than 1% return.Inflation is, like, 1.7.I think CDs are 2%.So that's less than a CD.Well, no one ever got laidputting money in the bank. Am I right?Those bad boys right there, they're all you.You gotta flip 'em over. That side's done.Listen, Richard, I want to back you.You build whatever the fuck you've got goingin that crazy, fucked-up,genius brain up there.It's all up to you.I'm white glove, hands the fuck off.Let's make you a billion dollars.Let's make me a billion more.How's that sound?You're not worried about the lawsuit?Shit, no. I got three nannies suing meright now, one of them for no reason.So come on, let's do this.Let's kick Gavin Belson's teeth in at CES.And then when you're really worth something,I'm gonna take you backto those same spineless VCs who said no,and I'm gonna shove youright up their assholes.Um...That's a very enticing offer.And I wish I didn't have to do this Hooli thing,but I should probably at least..."Should"? No, no, Richard.Don't do what you should do.Do what you want.I mean, should I pay 800 bucksfor that tiny piece of meat?Of course not. But I do it anyway.Because I want it.Simple question, Richard,"What do you want?"Gentlemen, what's the update on the apps?Or the app-date, if you will?I will not.DINESH: Here's my app-date.I was excited to work on it,and then I looked at it with fresh eyes.Wajeed was right. It's really shitty.I don't know what the fuck I was thinking.But I bought your pitch.Yeah, you fucked up, too.My app is still great.But in the time that we've beenclicking around with Pied Piper,ten other apps that basicallydo the exact same thing have come out.Guys, if I list you as references,can I count on youto say nice things about me?Be honest.Do you want me to be honest or nice?What, did you geta parking ticket or something?Yeah, I still can't see it.Could you use your mouth?All right. Just read it.-$5 million'?- Yeah, yeah.You guys are not going back to Hooli,and neither am I.How the fuck did you get that?Russ Hanneman?Oh, Monica, I see you got my text.Are you out of your mind?Nice to see you, too, and, no, I'm not.You're putting your entire futurein the hands of the manwho put radio on the Internet?I can only assumethat he mentioned that to you.It may have come up.Oh, this guy. That's the guy?Yeah, that's the guy.Does he actually smile like that withhis upper and lower teeth at the same time?MONICA: The guy is a joke.DINESH: How does he even do that?He's a boorish, pompous,womanizing douchebagwho got lucky, like, 20 years agoand hasn't done anything since then.Sounds like Erlich.Sounds like he knows who he isand he doesn't apologize for it.So he's a joke. Who cares?This joke is willing to give us $5 millionto fund Pied Piper.And he doesn't own anything.This whole thing is a loan.Yeah, the demand noteis structured as a loan.But he does have the optionto take repayment in the form of equity,and he does get two board seatsright off the bat.Yeah.Which means you won't get rid of him, ever.If you succeed,he gets a huge chunk of Pied Piperand if you fail, this lunatichas ratchets to seize control of the company.Love it or hate it,at least Hooli is a real company.You should take their offer.I should. I should.But I'm tired of doing what I should do,and I kind of want to start doingwhat I want to do.And what I want to do isbe a self-centered, irrational assholethat doesn't compromiseon anything, at all, ever.And when Pied Piper is a big fucking deal,Russ is going to take us backto all those VCs who passed on usand shove us right up their fucking assholes.ERLICH: What?Yeah, I don't want any part of that last bit.It sounded better when Russ said it.Again, lam not good at quoting in context.It doesn't matter. I'm going to...I'm going to call Ron LaFlamme,and I'm going to tell himthat we're taking Ruse's money.Okay, so I'm supposed to tell Laurie Breamthat she is publicly co-investedwith Russ fucking Hanneman?So, you'd rather mesell my soul to Gavin Belsonthan you just havingan awkward conversation with your boss?Oh, thanks, Monica.The guy has calf implants, Richard.How do they look?GAVIN: Everyone on Twitter is sayingI'm an anti-Semite. You were there.DENPOK: I was.And what I saw was an anti anti-Semite.(CELL PHONE RINGING)Hello? Did you hear from Hendricks?What do you meanhe went with someone else?Who did he go with?Are you fucking kidding me?- Russ Hanneman?- That's right.The Russ Hanneman with whom I am familiar?Yes.That is with whom they chose to go?Russ Hanneman?Yes.He's a vulgar human being.He's utterly distasteful.And it would not be inaccurate to saythat we at Ravigaare now co-investorswith Russ Hanneman.- I tried to talk him out of it. I did, but...- Mmm-hmm.You know what?Peter used to saythat every successful companycould look back at a defining moment early onwhere they would have diedhad it not been forthe courage and the tenacityand maybe the insanity of onevisionary person who put it all on the lineeven though it seemedlike a huge mistake at the time.A moment where all the metricsand the numbers didn't mean anything.It was all about the emotion.It was about belief, rational or irrational.And I think...I hope that I just witnessed that.I did not understandany of what you just said.Oh...- None of it?- None of it.I will not interact with Russ Hannemanin any way. Is that clear?It is, Laurie.I feel very stronglythat you should have prevented this.- This exchange is now over.- Okay, but I...This exchange is now over, thank you.JARED: Well, Richard?Firstly, congratulationson finally being funded.I hope you took a little time outto enjoy this moment and celebrate.I certainly did.(CLICKING)- You did?- I did indeed.I celebrated earlier this morning.You did, this morning?Oh, yeah.(CHUCKLING)But now it's down to business.We have a huge amount of work to dobetween now and January.I know $5 million sounds like a lot of money,but even if we setour burn rate conservatively,it's only going to last 18 months.Litigation wipes out half our fundsright off the bat.And we have to stand up sewers,pay for financial and HR,pay LaFlamme,and payroll alone is going to be pretty hefty.Did you see the hiring proposalsthat Dinesh and Gilfoyle submitted?- No.- They're untenable.Well, I need four web-app devs,two front end, two back end.I need a guy to turn your ref codeinto a production-quality library.I need two more guysto port the decompression libraries,do JavaScript, iOS, Android,and I need a few more guysto build out our APIs,so I need all those guys.Ditto. I need every oneof those guys on my list.Okay, it's just that there's...That's 15 people each.I mean, that's likean entire division at Facebook.Fine, I could do it with 12.I could do it with 11because I'm a better leader than Dinesh.Okay, great.Well, good news.I got them to cut it down to 12 and 11.A positive step,but we need to cut a little deeper.Okay, well, what's the max amount of peoplewe can afford to hire for them?Three for each of them.Three? Are you serious?Can you just tell them?Oh, I have, several times.But they just kept saying if I didn't wasteso much money at the butthole doctor,then we'd have enough money,but I pay for all my medical out of pocket.We can only afford to hirethree people for each of you.I'm sorry, but that's it.- Okay, that's fine.-It works for me.What?If you could do it with three people,why didn't you just say so?Because we're negotiating against each other.No, we're not. We're on the same team.We want the same thing.Disagree. I just got you to give me three guysfor a job I could easily do with two.God damn it.(KNOCKING ON DOOR)Knock, knock, who's there? This guy.Hey, Russ, what's up'?- RUSS: How are you?- I'm good. What brings you here?I had to meet this lawyerand his fucking kid's sick,so now I have a few hours 10 kill.Did I see a McLaren 650 S withthe extra-trim package pull into the driveway?- Or did I not'?- Yep.So this is the team.Whoa...I'm just gonna say it.This guy fucks. Am I right?'Cause I'm looking at the rest of you guys,and this is the guy in the housedoing all the fucking.Am I right? You know I'm right.This guy fucks.Thank you.Hey, what's up, al-Qaeda?No, I'm totally kidding.I'm diffusing the tension with humor.What tension? There's tension?No, of course not.Seriously, no beheadings, though, all right?Russ Hanneman.How you doing, motherfucker?Oh, man.I want to know what kindof fucked-up childhood this guy had.(CHUCKLES)All right, fellas, what are we doing here?Mr. Hanneman, l am Erlich Bachman.I am the owner and proprietor of this house.So I can give youa tour of the premises if you like,show you where the actual fucking happens.Nah, I'm good.Listen, I don't want to disturb the flow.I just wanted to check out the magic in action.So I'm gonna grab a seat right over there.I'm gonna be a fly on the wall.I'm not gonna say a word. Shh.We have a meeting that we were going to do,so maybe we could just do that?It was nice to meet you, Russ.So, uh, I think we'd actually save a lot of timeif we got on the same pagein regards to the budget.So what I need from you guys is to...I'm sorry, do you really talk like that?- Like what?- Like that.I mean, this is...This is my normal speaking voice.Like right now, like how you're talking,is that real?This one? This is real.Wow!All right, yeah. Doesn't matter, go, go.This is the same wayas I was talking back there.- RUSS: Keep going.- At the door. Okay.Okay, so I think, actually,if we went back closer to...C Dog! You, homo.-...our requests with an eye...- Nothing.RUSS: No, you should come here.- Keep going, keep going.- Okay.-...that's more in line with...- What's the address here again?I would just clear it with Erlich...Hang on.It's 5230 Newell Road.Did you get that? Keep going, keep going.- Okay, back to it.- Get a fucking pen.Go again. Say it one more time.The address is...- Go for it.-It's 5230 Newell Road.Keep going. Did you get that?I don't know. He's a fucker.GAVIN: That little Hendricks prickfucked me over' again.I want this suit to be morethan a holding action. I want to win it.What can we do here?Well, this lawsuit is going lo bea protracted and lime-consuming ordeal.But with our superior resources,top litigators,we feel this gives us the advantageover Pied Piper.Translation?Ultimately, the suit will turn based on provingthat Pied Piper was created here at Hooli.Now so far, concrete evidence of that is thin.So thicken it!Gavin, your visitors are here.Ah! Gentlemen! And lady.(SPEAKING HEBREW)Thank you for coming todayto open a dialogue.Now if you'll follow me.In an effort to hardwire sensitivityinto our corporate mind-space,I'm having a scale replicaof the Hall of Names at Yad Vashemconstructed right next to the bike shop.RICHARD: Okay, so...No, no, no!It's got to be afternoon. Afternoon.No, no. Bring him' too.Which Raoul? Lawyer Raoul?RICHARD: Litigation and payrollare both capped.- SG&A, we still have a little wiggle room.-(VIDEO GAME PLAYING)And we're going to punt...RUSS: No, fuckhead!Sir, you know you canturn the volume down on that.Just on the side.RICHARD: Where does that leave us?ERLICH: Let's go open an IPA, huh?I'm sorry, what? I couldn't hear you.Someone was talking. What did you say?Keep going, keep going.- Right.Richard, one potential issue.Our hosting fees could becomea challenge as we scale.Right, but we can offset a lot of thatonce we get a few customersand start a subscription-revenue model.What? Revenue? No, no, no.No revenue. I'll call you back.What?Why would you go after revenue?Because to make money.No.If you show revenue, people will ask,"How much?" And it will never be enough.The company that was the 100xer,the 1,000xer, becomes the 2x dog.But if you have no revenue,you can say you're pre-revenue.You're a potential pure play.It's not about how much you earn,it's about what you're worth.And who's worth the most?Companies that lose money.Pinterest, Snapchat, no revenue.Amazon has lost money every fucking quarterfor the last 20 fucking yearsand that Bezos motherfucker is the king.The king.There's no revenue.No one wants to see revenue. Go.I just thought that mainlythe goal of companies is to make money.Yeah, no, no, no. That's not how it works.I don't want to makea little bit of money every day.I want to make a fuckton of money all at once.ROI.ROI. You know what that stands for'?- Uh, return on...- Return on investment!No.- Radio on Internet.-Internet.Did you put radio on the Internet?- No.- So everything you just did, do the opposite.So you want us to take filesand make them bigger?(LAUGHS) That guy!That guy is crazy. I love that guy.You said that you were going to be hands-off.Is that still happening?Yes, please.Do me a favor, make the rightfucking decisions and leave me the fuck out.You think Corey wants to be here'?Corey, let's bounce. Come on.- Uh, Richard? The check.- RICHARD: Right.Mr. Hanneman, I thinkthe bank had some issue with the check.They said the funds are on holdfor some reason?Wait, you didn't try to cash that check,did you'? (LAUGHS)Did you try to cash that check I gave you?That's the show check. That's the oneyou frame and put up on your wall.You didn't try to cash that, did you?So do we arrange a wire transfer or...No. No, you don't get it all at once.We set your burn rate and thenI cut you a new check every other weekbetween now and CES in January,unless you fuck up too badly.All right, hit it hard, boys.This guy fucks.You know, Russ,I've been known to fuck myself.(DOOR CLOSES)Well, he's the worst man in America.And now he owns us.(RICHARD SIGHS)ERLICH: Why the fuck would he have uscome all the way out here?RICHARD: I don't know.Boys.RICHARD: Russ, what's up? Um...I know you had asked us to concentratemore on branding and less about the product,but we were thinking about that and...I got it.God?No. No, shitheads. Look!RICHARD: Oh."I am Pied Piper'?Who is that?DINESH: Yeah, how is she Pied Piper'?- What is this?- Brand awareness.We're getting Pied Piper out there.Right.But what exactly is the product?I mean, what's... What's this selling?Pied Piper, idiot.-I like n.- Uh-huh.Yeah, here's the new check I promised you.This one you can cash.Obviously, I had to subtract the costof the ad agency that nailed that slogan.The photo, legal, lay-out,plus the cost of the 15 billboards.Don't worry,I gave you guys a sweet deal on them.- Gave us?- Yeah.Hanneman Outdoor Media.I own the billboards.That's how I talked the ad agency intogiving you guys that slogan for only 30 grand.Synergy, bitches. Know what that means?Does it mean taking a stack of cashand lighting it on fire?(LAUGHING) Crazy fuck! I love this guy.You fucking guy! Oh, and get this.I found out where Gavin Belson livesand I placed 15 of these babiesbetween his house and his office.And guess where I placedthe biggest one of all?GAVIN: This is the mosthostile and aggressive actof provocation I've ever had to endure.It crosses every line of decency.This is war.You better have something good for me.We believe we have a way to win this case.What if there were an individual here at Hooliwith whom Hendrickshad had a lot of contact?What if this individual were, arguably,a member of the original Pied Piper team?What if we took stepsto present this individual in a tightsuch that his talents were undeniable?Surely an individual this brilliantwould move quickly up the ladderhere at Hooli.Surely he'd be promoted rapidlyand repeatedly, no?And surely these impressive promotionswould lead a mun to agreethat someone this brilliant,who was there at the inception of Pied Piper,must be integral to,if not solely responsible for its creation.It's all right. You can come in.Hmm.So you're saying the more praiseand promotion we heap on this person,the more it lookslike Pied Piper was created here at Hooli.(CELL PHONE RINGING)Big Head!Sorry. Sorry, guys. Hooli phone?I didn't even know the ringer was on.No one's ever actually called it before.Hello?Nothing. Why?