God!(SIGHS)Damn it.Again?DOCTOR:Let me ask you something, Richard.You sure it's not urine,and you're not just wetting the bed?Yeah, I'm sure. It's not.It's just sweat.Well, then the medical term for what you haveis "night sweats."Okay.But night sweats can be a precursorto bed-wetting,and that is very serious.How serious?Like, uh, cancer?No! It's embarrassing.I mean, you're a grown man, Richard.Come on.That's what children do.But I'm not wetting the bed.Yet!How's your stress level been?Uh, it's gotten worse. Um...I have to get a working beta of my platformready in time for January.I just took money from a guywho is a nightmare.I hired six new people.We're going to have to spenda ton of money on new offices.It's like every secondthere is a new issue that I have to solve.I am stressed as hell.Richard, currently, your stress level is here.And that's night sweats level.Got it? Now, if you're not carefuland you let it go up...Bed-wetting.(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)DINESH: I love these walls.You know what it is? They're exposed brick.Why would anyone ever hide brick?Did you see the conference nook?Just think of the conferenceswe could have in this nook.Yeah. But, I mean, this is really expensive.(CHUCKLES)So, um, what did the doctor say?Uh... It's nothing.It's just stress-related night sweats.- I'll be fine.- That's good to hear.- Are you relieved?- I would have beenif that idiot hadn't mentioned somethingabout how it can lead to, uh, bed-wetting.I'm just trying not to think about it.Good. Don't. Definitely.Because just thinking about it would probablystress you out enough to make it happen...Stop! Would you... Don't say "stress."I just said that I was trying not tothink about it.Well, Richard, personal managementis a big part of being a CEO.You think working here might help?(SIGHING)Actually, yeah. I think it would.But, um, can we afford it?Well, this is an investmentin your mental health.Richard, I mean, can you put a dollar valueon not wetting your bed?(GROANING) Don't...If you want this, Richard,even with the money we wastedon swag and billboards,I think I can make the numbers work.It's your call.Hey, guys. Um, this is Yelena.She got off the elevator at the wrong floorbecause her modeling agency is upstairs.- Richard?- Yeah?Please?Primarily for other reasons, but, yes!Yeah, sure. We're gonna take it.- We're taking it.- Take...- I'm gonna hug you.- No.All right, this one's ready to go outto the truck.Great. Take it out.Okay, you know what?I said we should hire movers.I don't do this kind of stuff.I work with my mind, not with my hands.In Pakistan, we had servants who did this.It wasn't a big deal. We didn't pay themvery much, and they were very happy.I'll take out your box of tampons.It's good for the soul.(SIGHING)Interesting pitch.I will admit, I have never hearda Christian-oriented riff on dog-sharing.But Christianity is borderline illegalin northern California.Also, how would you scale?Well, we could expandfrom sharing dogs, to other types of pets.Pot-bellied pigs, ferrets...I'm gonna stop you right there.You do know that ferrets are illegalin the state of California? Hmm?No? Well, then I suppose you also don't knowthat pot-bellied pigs have beenwildly unfashionable since 2005.Owning a pot-bellied pig is frowned uponalmost as much as being a Christian.Thank you, gentlemen. Good day.Now technically,I'm not passing on Dog Dammit.I'm just not saying yes.But who knows?The Lord works in mysterious ways.- I don't have to tell you that.-(DOOR OPENING)(DOOR CLOSING)(KNOCK AT DOOR)ERLICH: Richard, do you have a moment?I'd like to present you something.Okay, what's up?- What are you doing?- Bowing.The Japanese have the most advancedbusiness culture in the world.I am showing you respectby using their traditions.And traditionally,you give a gift on important occasions,such as the graduating of an incubee."Incubee"? Is that a word?Of course it is. One who's been incubated.The inhabitant of an incubator.Okay. Okay.- Now you bow.- I'd really rather not.Richard' I need you to bow.- To the waist.- To the waist?There.Now I hand this to you,and it is customary for you to politely refuse,and weakly say that you are not worthy.Erlich, I really don't have time for this.- That's perfect. Here you go.- Okay.Oh, wow.Japanese coin. Lowest denomination.Wow.Is this a kimono?- Well, try it on.- Thank you, Erlich.Is it on?(SPEAKING IN JAPAN ESE)According to Google Translate, that means,"It has been an honor."Yeah, all right.Thank you. Thanks.I'm still packing up,so I don't want to damage it.Uh-uh...Traditionally, it's rolled.Okay.Wikipedia.Thanks, Erlich. I'll get you something.Later.Oh, little kohai, you've already given me a gift.- Hi.- Hi.Noah, from next door.Oh. Hey, uh, Richard.Moving out?Yeah, some of us are, sort of.Well, I'd be lying to sayI was sad to see you go.Okay. Heh.Nothing personal.You seem like nice guys, just...Houses full of rentersaren't great for properly values.Yeah, that makes sense.This neighborhood is mostly families.Okay. Well, we're moving out, so...People with pets' you know?- Mmm-hmm.- Well, good luck.- You too.- What?- You, too.- Mmm-hmm.- Hey, Richard?- Oh, hey, Jared.Richard, the hosting companythat was going to be renting us sewer spacejust dropped their bid.Okay, well, let's just get serversfrom some other provider.Well, I just contactedfive other web services companies,and they're all denying us.I think I know what might be happening here.JARED:All of them, Rackspace, SofiLayer, Amazon,I mean, they can't afford to loseHooli's business.So, Gavin Belson can just pick up the phoneand make us radioactiveto every single web-hosting service?It's how these guys operate.I mean, when Bill Gates got married on Lanai,he rented every helicopteron the Hawaiian islandsso that paparazzicouldn't use them to fly over.Although in that case, it was a positive,because now you can imagine that weddinghowever you want.- What?- Jared, our entire platform is web-based.We need servers for that.What the fuck are we going to do?I know what the fuck we're going to do.But you're not going to like it.We build our own sewers.Gilfoyle, sewers are essentially a utility.I mean, you wouldn't dig a well for water,or build a generator for power.I think we should dig our own well,and build our own generator.I also think we should store a year's worth offood and ammunition in a blast cellar.But we don't.So good luck when the shit hits the fan.Look, Richard, we're about precision,about shaving yoctoseconds off latencyat every layer in the stack.If we rent from a public cloud,we're using sewers that are, by definition,generic and unpredictable.(CHUCKLING) Yeah, but we're alreadyup against a serious deadline.I mean, how long is building our own sewersgoing to set us back?If I busted my ass,I could stand them up inside a weekright here in the house.Look, Richard, truth is,this is a huge positive.I tried running the platformon my old Bitcoin rig.At 5,200 gigaflops,your algorithm flies 800 times faster on GPUscompared to normal CPUs.No host could match the config that I buildhere in the house.Oh, and also, we don't seem to have a choice.But that would cost a ton.And we don't have that kind of moneyjust lying around.It seems as though we dohave that kind of money just lying around.But that's for the office space.- Was it?- No, no, no, no!Jared, we already signed the lease.It's too late' right? We can't break a lease.I mean, we haven't given them the check yet.- Here it is.- I could go mail it right now.In this market, they couldprobably find another tenant in a day.I doubt there would be an issue.Fuck! Richard, please?It's sewers or offices, Richard.We can't afford both.(CHUCKLING)Damn it. I don't know what to do.ERLICH: Well, then it's a good thing...It's a good thing that I'm here' isn't it?As much as I hate to agree with Gilfoyle,he's right.You have but one option.Stay here and build the sewers.RICHARD: Are you sure?Because I've got Carla and five other codersstarting over the next few weeks.Well, it's going to get a little cozy in here,but I'll endure,for your sake.What about all your other "incubees"?I've heard quite a few exciting pitchesover the last week,but I'll be forced to forgo those opportunitiesbecause of your mediocrity.You see, Richard,when I invited you into my incubator,I promised to get you readyfor the outside world.But I failed to do that.I wouldn't trust you out there in the real worldas far as I could throw you.And, to be honest, I could probably throw youall the way across the front yard.Okay, but I don't want to stay here.- I don't want you to either, Richard.- Okay.So it's agreed. Welcome home, fellas.Should we smoke some pot to celebrate?(MACHINES BEEPING)Gavin, thank you for coming.I am certain that once you witness firsthandwhat Mr. Bighetti is up to,you will see that he is worthless around here.Worth is a relative thing.Yes, but worthlessness is not. It is absolute.People add value to this companyin many different ways.Of course, but look at this.Bighetti has his team wastingvaluable resources on a potato cannon.BIG HEAD: Five, four, three, two, one.Fire!Jesus!You see what your brightest mindsare being wasted on?Launching potatoes.- What the fuck?- BIG HEAD: Sorry.Perhaps they're developing itas a non-lethal form of crowd control.DAVIS:I actually think that it could kill somebody.But even so, compared to what my teamhas accomplished in a matter of days...Come here, I want you to meet somebody.BIG HEAD: All right, I've got a good feelingabout this one.One more time. Here we go.Everybody ready? Fire!Oh, shit! You okay? Sorry. Shit.DAVIS: This is Kiko.Kiko was rescued after a Nicaraguan landminesevered both his arms.My team, using technology developedat Somerville,was able to devise an array of sensorsthat can non-invasively detect signalsfrom the neurons in the motor cortexof the brain.So without surgery, we have given Kikothe gift of a usable prosthetic appendage.What's he doing?What Kiko chooses to do with the technologyis not important.What's important here is that, um,in spite of what it may seem likeon the surface,building a device that is capable of thisis a remarkable scientific achievement.And what you're looking at is reallya testamentto my team and to my leadership,and I feel that...(KIKO SCREECHES)-(GROANS)-(KIKO WHIMPERS)I'm going to have to insist that Bighettibe removed if I continue here.Davis, there are a lot of forces at work here.There's a lot at play that you are not privy to.Please do not questionhow I choose to run my company.Of course, I just have to thinkthat both of our interestswould be better served if Bighetti was not...What is he doing now?Oh, God.Again, I have to stress that what the monkeychooses to do with the technologyis not necessarilyan indictment of the technology itself.- Gavin, please!-(KIKO SHRIEKS)Okay. So I'll put 80 GPUs on racksagainst that wall.GILFOYLE:We'll have three main cabinets in the center.I'll try and pull 220-volt power fromthe washer-dryer for all the cooling units.- So you'll need this entire space then?- Yep.All right. I'll move my things.- What?- JARED: It's okay.I'll have it all in my car in no time.Wait, Jared, uh, are you living here?In the garage?Indeed I am. High on the hog.(CHUCKLES)Jesus Christ, poor fucker.Sleeping out there with the rodents.Hey, I keep a clean garage.There are no rodents out there.How can you guaranteethere are no rodents living therewhen you didn't even know Jaredwas living there?I need all rodents and Jaredsout of the garage. I need the space.Do we have any extra power strips?There's not a lot of outlets out there.There are a lot ofdudes playing foosball, loudly.I'll take care of that. Say no more.Jian Yang!I need all of your guys out of there,and the foosball table.Those not my guys.But they're always around. Who are they?Friends of friends.They're friends of your... Mother fuck!Guys, look, Jared gave uphis own apartment so he couldtake less salary and save the company money.I mean...Erlich, can he just stay here?Once again, because of your poormanagerial skills,I've been hoisted upon my own petard.Yes, he can stay here.Great. So, which room can he stay in?Well, he's not staying in mine. I sleep dick-up.- Okay, so then...- Uh... Not it.Okay.- Not a chance in hell.- All right. (CLEARS THROAT)Fuck.(JARED SPEAKING IN GERMAN)(JARED LAUGHS)(SPEAKING IN GERMAN CONTINUES)(PANTING)Oh, shit.Morning, roomie. I made you a half-caff.Oh... Richard.Yeah, I sweated through my sheets again.(SCOFFS)You sweated? You sure you didn't...Yes, I'm sure. It's just sweat, so...Do you think maybeyou sweat from your urethra?No, I didn't sweat through my...You know what? Let's not talk about it.Because talking about itwill only exacerbate...- Stop.- Yeah.Hey, um...When did you learn to speak German?What? I don't speak German.- You sure?- Yeah.RICHARD: All this hardware for $70,000'?GILFOYLE; Yep.Nice work.Oh, look at all this stuff.Oh, is that a Radeon 7850?We're using these, huh?There's no "we."You don't do this kind of work, remember'?You make a living with your mind,not your hands.- No, no, no...- So don't touch.You misunderstood me. I like hardware.I made my own computer when I was nine.From scratch or kit?It was from a kit, but I did my own mods.- That's what I thought.- I was nine.GILFOYLE: I'm sure you were greatat finger-painting, also, Dinesh.Richard is the CEO. He delegated this to me.Why don't you go insideand write some princess code?Leave the hardware up to us servants.All right, I got the crimperand some heat shrink.- Great.- Wait, she can help but not me?That's right.Can I help? Please?Mmm...- No.- I said...Richard' you have to let me help him.Dinesh, you have to hack awayon the front end of the build anyway.- So why don't you...- Excuse me?- Excuse me?- DINESH: This is bullshit.- Oh, hey, Noah.- I thought you guys were moving out?But it looks like you're moving back in.Well, yeah, it's a little complicated, but...What are you guys doing in there?What, you building some kind of computer?- Well, more of a server-data center.-(CELL PHONE RINGING)It's actually pretty interesting,if you're into that sort of stuff.- Hello?- Stop talking immediately!Come inside.Don't look at me. Don't look at me!Don't look at me.Just tell him mat you shit your pantsand you have weak knees.What were you doing out there?Why were you talking to that person?'Cause he lives next door.I was just being neighborly.Neighborly? First of all, that's not a word.Second of all,you don't talk to the neighbors, ever.In fact, don't talk to anybody.It's no one's business what we do here.Why would anyone carewhat goes on in here?'Cause we're not zoned for business,obviously.What do you meanwe're not zoned for business?I just moved my entire business here!You just keep your mouth shutand everything will be fine.You talked me into staying here even thoughyou knew we were breaking the law?(COUGHING)I'm sorry, Erlich, but I'm pissed.- You're pissed at me?- Yeah.- I should be pissed at you.- Mmm-hmm.You know why?Because when one is given a parting giftand one never parts,shouldn't one return the said gift?Isn't that what decorum would dictate?This is about the kimono?Okay, I will give it back to you right now,gladly.Now I'm really pissed.Because if one appreciated a giftof such magnitude,then one would put up more of a fightbefore returning it, wouldn't one?Okay-A complaint from a neighborto the Department ofPlanning and Community Environmenttriggers an inspection,which can lead to a citation, fines,or even the seizureand impounding of our equipment.That gentleman next doorhas the power to ruin us.Jesus.Richard, can I suggest you take it easyon the Red Bulls?It's a diuretic, and given your issue...My issue?Oh, God.It's night sweats, Jared.Yes, well, regardless of what we've decidedon calling it,pounding caffeine and sugaris not exactly going to help.But you know what might? Kegels.What?Kegels are a form of exercisethat strengthen the pelvic floor.Now, yes, it's most commonly used by womento recover control of their vaginal musclesafter childbirth.But it can really help,you know, "night sweats."Wow.Okay, we're not going totalk about this anymore.I'm doing it right now.Clench, un-clench, clench...stop-You hear that?(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)Hey. Hey.Stop it. Hey, turn the music down.Turn it off. We have neighbors.Are you kidding me?Look, Gilfoyle, you said that you would haveall the servers up and running.And we're already a week behind. Don't youthink you should be doing that instead of,you know, getting high on the job?I'm not getting high on the job.I'm getting high at home.I live here, remember?Right, okay, fair enough. Fair enough.But Carla doesn't. These guys don't.- I'm having them over as guests, at my home.-(SIGHING)If that's okay with you, Richard.Wait. This is your home?- Yes.- So you live in the workplace.But you also work from home.That must be really confusing for you.Yes, as a matter of fact, it is.That's kind of the...Does it look dark to you guys?Oh, hey, guys.Dude, what the fuck?The power's out.Okay, fine.I wanted to set up one GPU, just one,and so I turned the power onand the whole system lit up. And...Yeah, it did' you dick.'Cause I bypassed the meter to save moneyand went directly to the feedwithout the UPS ready.That surge just fraggedthe whole fucking system.Holy shit.What the hell did you guys do?The power in the whole block is down.Great.- What the...-(CHAIR SQUEAKING)Oh, God. Look who it is.We need to talk, guys.Hold on a sec.Noah, whatever you're going to say,just say it from there.We can hear you.If you didn't have so many cars parked here,maybe I could get through.He's really going to go all the way around?CARLA: That's a long ways.NOAH: Hold on.ERLICH: Jesus Christ!Save some battery, for Christ's sake!Just a sec.ERLICH: Just yell it!It's okay, Noah, we get it.You can say it from there.You're gonna report usto the city inspector, right?ERLICH: Jesus!Guess what?I'm reporting you to the city inspector.Right.Okay.NOAH: Zoning codes are very clear.This neighborhood is for families, pets.(JARED SHOUTING IN GERMAN)(SPEAKING GERMAN)Holy shit.(JARED SHOUTING CONTINUES)NOAH: Come here, Agamemnon.Come here, boy. Yeah.Who's a good boy? Yeah, you're a good boy.Come here, Agamemnon.Did that blackout scare you, Agamemnon?Who's a good boy?Who's a good boy? Yeah.- Oh, yeah.- RICHARD: Holy shit.Yeah. Daddy loves you, Daddy loves you.Erlich?- What is it?- Hey, um...I'm sorry I didn't give you back the kimono,or resist giving you back the kimono,or whatever it was.But I have a gift that might make it up to you.- Is that what I think it is?- Mmm-hmm.Oh, boy.It is 4:00 in the morning! What the...Why are you both wearing Kimonos?Noah, are you familiar withthe California Fish and Game Code,section 2116-2126,with regard tothe possession and harboring of ferrets?- Oh, God.- Oh, yeah.Those little shits are illegal.Erlich, please, don't. I'll do anything.Oh, yeah, you will.We are here to stay,and you're going to keep thatbearded little holein the center of your face shut about it.- Listen, I was just trying...- No, you listen.You're always going on and onabout how this is such a good neighborhood.Do you know why it's sucha good neighborhood?Do you know why your shitty house is worth20 times what you paid for it in the 1970s?Because of people like us moving in andstarting illegal businesses in our garages.All the best companies,Apple, Google, Hewlett-Packard, even Aviato,all of them were started in un-zoned garages.That is why Silicon Valleyis one of the hottest neighborhoodsin the world.Because of people like us,not because of people like you.So if I catch even so much as a dirty glanceor a lascivious look in Richards direction,that is it.Those weasels are dog food.Okay. Okay.Um, uh...-(WHISPERING) Guest house.- Yes.Is your guest house currently rented out?No, it's not for rent.Well, it mother-fucking is now.Your new tenant is Jared Dunn.His rent will be exceedingly reasonable.And his utilities will be included.He speaks German in the night.Well, if you'll excuse us,we have an illegal business to run.Erlich?(GROANS)But when our scientists did the study,they found the rate of birth defectsin that territorywas actually higher beforewe opened our battery plant there.But, very good question.Thank you for that question.Okay.Before I finish up here,I have an announcement.Today, I have accepted the resignationof Dr. Davis Bannerchek.So it pleases me to inform you allthat effective immediately,Nelson Bighetti has been promotedto sole head dreamerof Hooli XYZ.Sorry, what?Stand up, Bag Head.What a meteoric ascension.Just a few months ago,you co-founded Pied Piperand now you've been promoted twice.It speaks to your competence.Give it up for Bag Head,ladies and gentlemen.And lastly, I have big news.In anticipation of our big release of Nucleusat CES in January,we've decided to give the worlda sneak preview.Nucleus, in partnership withDana White and theUltimate Fighting Championship,will be the exclusive providerof live streamingfor next month'sUltimate Fighting Championship event,Molina versus Bulgakov ll.I realize the full platform won't be readyuntil January,but our Nucleus division assures methey are ready for this challenge.And I can think of no more exciting a wayto give a little taste of Nucleusto the entire world,than by putting video latencyin a rear-naked choke hold.Great job, team. All right, back to work.Did you, uh, tell Gavinwhere we are on the video situation?He does know thatconverting the whole platform to middle-outhas put us at least six weeksbehind schedule, right?Well, I'm not going to be the onewho tells him we're that far behind.If you want to, feel free.I just heard you tell Heidiwe're six weeks behind.But remember that drop-frame issueI showed you?We're easily 15 weeks behind.Well, I'm not going to be the oneto tell Heidi about that.Feel free to tell her yourself.Did I just hear you saywe're only 15 weeks behind?I've been integrating the system natively...Dude, I don't even want to know about it.