(APPLAUSE)Pardon me, is that seat taken?(LAUGHS) Gavin.MAN: Classic Gavin.DINESH: Let's hope this sucks.JARED: Oh, good. Monica made it just in time.Carla, looks like you won't bethe only woman in the house for a change.Christ.One thing worse than beingthe only woman in a company-is being one of only two.- Why's that?Everybody puts this super-weirdpressure on you to be friends.- It's creepy.- Hey, did I miss it?- No.- Good.Monica, I'd like to introduce you to Carla.Carla, Monica.Monica, Carla.- What's up?- Nice to meet you.I knew you two would hit it off.- Hey. Monica?-(MONITOR BEEPS)It's starting.ANNOUNCER Tonight, for the first time ever,streaming live in 4K resolutionover the internet,UFO Fight Night, powered by Nucleus!No networks. No more middleman.No bullshit.We're bringing the fight straight to the fans.We're cutting the cord foreverwith UFC Fight Pass, powered by Nucleus.Tonight, you'll get Ultimate Fightingat the ultimate resolution.Nucleus puts 4K UHD videoin a lossless compression chokeholdand forces the competition to tap out.-(GRUNTS)-(GLASS SHATTERING)Oh! (LAUGHS)Who's douchebag?He sure likes to break stuff.ANNOUNCER: We are live in Las Vegas.The picture looks amazing.ANNOUNCER: Man, Joe, this is a fightwe have been looking forward tofor a tong, long time.Are we getting a contact high off Erlich,or is the edge starting to warble?No, I see it. Are theyconverting down to 24 frames?ANNOUNCER: The defense so far. Wow!The jerkiness is not a Nucleus issue, right?I mean, it's not going outto the world like that, is it'?I think it looks great.You see that frame judderas the camera pans?The picture's so blocky.It looks like Minecraft.It doesn't make sense.It's supposed to be totally lossless.Let me dump their bit streamto disk and take a look.She's really smart.But not afraid to be bawdy.RICHARD: Oh, my God.DINESH: They are so fucked.Yeah, this is bad.-(CROWD CHEERING)- ANNOUNCER; Attack with the left!He's hurt! With the right! He's down!He's hit! Oh!It's frozen.- It's frozen.- ANNOUNCER: Oh, my goodness!It is all over!Unbelievable!I have never, in all my yearsof watching fighting,seen a finishing combination more ferocious!What a spectacular finish by Molina!We're being toldthat the Nucleus live stream...- Fuck!-...may have cut out during that exchange.H that is true, what a travesty!- GAVIN: Fuck!-(DOOR SLAMS)ANNOUNCER: Joe, you're absolutely right.(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)Gavin Belson just shit everyone's pants.CARLA: He sure did.The encoding is totally underpoweredto cover up their defects.Nucleus just can't keep upwith 4K live stream yet.Hey. Could Pied Piper handle live 4K video?I could deploy a live video stream thatwould be way better than theirs right now.Jump on it. Now.Like, do our own live stream.Partner with someone like Gavin did.Look at you two.Hold on. Live streamings not reallyour primary business here.Yeah, but beating Nucleus is.The blogs would go nuts.We're built for it on my end.I mean, if it's just mehosting seeds and manifests,I'm good on my end.I'm prepared to brag about itand release some publicity.Well, peer-to-peer deliveryis good to go here. Just let me know.Oh, Carla, do you want toshow Monica your work station?- No thanks.-(CHUCKLES)Okay, but Hooli had a dealwith UFC that would stream a fight.I mean, what do we even do?Don't really have a lot of time here.That's real.We could find an eventthat's already in motion.Can I make a suggestion?There is a nesting pair of California condorson the closed-circuit feedat the Natural History Museum.There's an egg in the nest right now.It's very compelling.Why don't we just live stream me killing you?I wouldn't be so dismissive.There was a live stream of an eagle's nestlast year that went viral,and was getting millions of hits.And I don't wanna be inflammatory,but next to a condor, an eagle looks like a...Common cackling.Fuck that, Jared. I've got it.I'm very good friends with Aaron Anderson.Double-A? The guy whoowns Homicide Energy Drink?Uh, is Homicidethe extra douchey energy drink?- DINESH: It sure is.-(MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS)There's a bunch of stuntsand crazy shit on here.That video player quality is terrible.It's a perfect candidate.And Double-A loves me.He'd definitely hook us up.How do you know him?From college.He was a sophomore when I was a senior.He and his roommatesused to live down the hall.I used to party in their room all the time.Uh, kind of a mentor-mentee son of thing.Coming from a manatee sort of thing.You look like a ferret that gave up on himselfsix months ago, Gilfoyle.-I'm going to ping Double-A.Wait. (SIGHS)What if he says yes?You know? Are we really gonnadrop everything to do this?What if we don't get it right?I mean, it could hurl us just like it hurt them.(SIGHS) Shit. I don't know.Now, this is critical, Richard.Maybe we should SWOT this decision.I don't know what that is, but no.- SWOT analysis.- DINESH: No.S-W-O-T? No?(CHUCKLES) Holy cow.Did he really just say "holy cow'?I've had a board readyfor just such an occasion.I've booby-trapped the housewith corporate resources.SWOT is a way of evaluating a decision.And you just break it down into "strengths,""weaknesses," "opportunities," and "threats."You're fucking joking.Not at all.You can SWOT a concept,a department, or a new initiative.You can even SWOT a person.Although you have to be careful,they might SWOT you back.- I wanna SWOT you.- Well, you can.Because now you have the tools.Okay. Um, shout them outand I'll tack them up.Jared, I'm... I'm really sorry, but I have to go.You know' would it make more senseif I worked something upand then I got back to you guys, and...Okay, great. I'm on it.People love condors.Strengths.AARON: On top of the roof,Blaine is gonna launch off this ramp.It's pretty gnarly.If everything goes right,he'll fly over the streetand land on this 15-story building here.We've got 27 cameras, a couple in the car.Feed a live edit back here to the data center.We put everything throughyour incredible compression, Richard,and up onto the web.So, what do you think, Richard?I think this is awesome, Double-A.I mean, it is incredible.You really have builta giant monument to awesomeness.I think my aid in helping you achieve thisis what inspired meto start my own incubator.Uh, so, Richard, you ready for this?Oh, yeah. I think so. Yeah...Double-A, we are psyched.And we can do whatever you need.Okay, thanks, Kool-Aid.Kool-Aid? What's that? Are you Kool-Aid?Yeah, it's just a term of endearment.You know, nickname.That's how we used to rock it back in the day'cause I was cool and supportive.Yeah. Oh hey, guys, this is Gina,she's one of our event managers.Hey, Gina, can you take Dineshand Gilfoyle to the data center' please?Sure. You wanna follow me?Only if we get hats, Gina.You can just take mine.Did you see that? She gave me her hat.Pretend you've seen a woman before.Are those Homicide drinks for free?Uh, yeah. Knock yourself out.Homicide!Is there any way that it could be maybemore like just you and me talking,and not Erlich?What do you mean'? Aren't you guys friends?I thought you go way back.We do. But...(WHISPERING)To be honest, I could never stand the guy.I mean, just hearing his voiceagain is giving me PTSD.Right. But you just called him cool.- No, I called him Kool-Aid. We all did.- Right.Because he's likethe Kool-Aid pitcher from the ads.As in, every fucking timewe were hanging out without him,he would come smashing through a wall.But you still hung out with him.Yeah, 'cause we were 19,and he had weed and beer.But even drunk and high I couldn't take it.L mean, it's like he's fucking allergicto letting other people talk.It's like he's always gottasay something. You know?ERLICH: Hey, Richard.Homicide!(CHUCKLES)So, Dinesh, I have a question.You're obviously Pakistani,but the name Dinesh is Indian, isn't it'?Yeah. Wow. That's exactly right.You know, most people, ignorant people,don't even knowthose are two separate countries.GILFOYLE: And they don't care either.- How do you know about my name?-l'm an Army brat.My dad was stationed in Karachiwhen I was a kid.It was a beautiful place,full of beautiful people.Kind of like this room, right?(CHUCKLES) Oh... Oh!Hold on a sec. I'll be right back.- Don't take too long.- Ew.This is awesome.I don't know if it's what's in this,but I, like... I've, like,all these killer lines coming to me.I'm on fucking fire right now. Oh!She likes me, right?Yeah, she's totally into you.Just not as into youas she is into that guy's mouth.He's definitely gonna fuck her later,and shes not gonna think of youwhile it's happening.God damn it. Fuck.Now I'm just shaking.What do they put in this shit?- Milk thistle?-(CAN CLATTERS)HEY, guys! Come out here!Juliet calls.Guys, this is Blaine.He's the guy doing the stunt.Blaine, these are the genius coderswho are helping us with the live stream.- They're rock stars.- Okay.- So this is the car you're jumping?- Yes, it is.And that's what your ramp's gonna look like?- Yeah.- Cool. Well, have you...Yeah, and becauseI know that you're gonna ask,yes, I've done this before.And yes, it's fucking dangerous.Listen, I got a lot of workto do to get this right.Okay?Okay-Hey, you see what I saw?Yeah, I saw.He's got the velocity calculated wrong.It's for a flat plane.He doesn't account for the curve in the ramp.Exactly. He's probablyused to doing straight ramps.I mean, the chad says he's gonnalaunch at 81 miles per hour,-but it's going to be more like...- Under 70.The downforce is ridiculous.He's gonna lose speedand hit the side of that wall.- And die.- So we should probably...Okay. All right.Hey, uh, Blaine?- One small thing.- BLAINE: No.I'm gonna stop you right there, Glasses.'Cause I told you once already,and I was very clear.I am too fucking busy to deal with you.Okay? I'm just being cool here.All right?What do we do here?This is a tough one.So, Richard, in terms of a player window,what do you see?- Well, um, I think it's pretty straightforward.- ERLICH: I'll handle this, Richard.- You don't have to.- The whole reason we're doing this, friend,is for branding value.So we're gonna need a banner that says"Powered by Pied Piper"underneath the video window.It doesn't have to be too big,but you don't want it to be too small either.Although, there's nothingsmall about Homicide, Double-A.At least as far as I can tell.Also, if it's, if it's possible, what we'd like to...Let me stop you right there, Richard.We're gonna need to have our logoson the car, Blaine's suit, his helmet.If he wants to get a Flash tattooor something on his neck,that's on him.RICHARD: Actually, um, in all honesty,Erlich just pretty much saidexactly what I was gonna say. Um...Uh-huh. Um...So, Richard...- Yes?- Yeah?Do you think you canmake the preview window full resolution?- Richard can give you whatever you need.- Yes...But as far as the video player goes...Guys, I'm sorry. I just rememberedthat I've got somewhere else to be.All right. Well, Double-A, I'll see you soon.L'm just gonna grab a shirtand we'll check you later.(WHISPERING) What the fuck, dude'?Hey, I love your tech.But come back tomorrow without Kool-Aid,or don't come back at all.Honestly.- Richard, what's going on?- What do you mean?I'm catching kind of a vibe.A weird vibe with you and Double-A.Right That. Well...I'm not gonna sugarcoat it, Richard.I don't think he likes you.L mean, he literally rolled his eyes at you.Why don't you just trust me on this one?Let Kool-Aid do the talking tomorrow.Take this stuff.I'm gonna grab a couple more drinksand another hat.I'm gonna get a box.GAVIN: This is a total fucking disaster.If my engineers had justtold me they weren't ready,I never would havepushed for this live stream.Even worse, now I hearthose little Pied Piper fuckersare doing their own live streamwith Homicide.- The energy drink?- Yes.Meanwhile, I've demandedto see internal testingfrom every facet of the Nucleus platform.So I can see for myself where I stand.Because all I hearfrom everybody is good news.Have l just surrounded myselfwith sycophants,who are just telling mewhatever I want to hear,regardless of the truth?No.Thank you, Denpok.I really needed to hear that.This might be morbid,but the cold, hard fact isthat if Blaine dies on our live stream,this could be good for us.I mean, we'd get a lot more traffic.Well, and it would probably lead tocalls for regulations in the stunt industry.So, in the long term, we're saving lives.Although, there is the moral problemwith letting him die.Though he did tell us to shut up.And his name is Blaine.And Gina is super hot.And this would make her single.She'd probably need consoling,so there's an opportunity.Opportunity.DINESH: Should we SWOT this?Bereaved women do tend to act out sexually.Yeah, so that's a strength.- Hey, Kool-Aid!- Yeah!And? So'?And? It...It wasn't meant to be a flattering nickname.It was an insult.I'm not sure I agree with that.I mean, the dancing pitcherbreaks through wallsto give tasty beverages to kids in need.Why would you infer from thisthat Double-A doesn't like me?Well, um, l wasn’t inferring anything.He told me to my face that he doesn't like you.But why wouldn't he like me?Well, uh...You have a tendency sometimes to...Why on earth wouldn't he like me?Because, Erlich, you tend to not let...I was his mentor. You know?You know, there's no remote possibility...Because you don't let people talk!It just happened.Um...And he told me that if you came tomorrowthat he would pull the plugon the whole live stream, so...(SIGHS)I see.Sorry.Are you done talking now'?Yes.Do Dinesh and Gilfoyle know about this'?- No, I came straight to you.- What about Jared?Nope.Okay, here's what you need to do.You need to go in tomorrow,and you need to do that live stream.And put my feelings aside,you know, don't quit on account of me.I wasn't gonna... I wasn't gonna quit.There is something you should know, though.Aaron Anderson wasn'tvery well liked in college.In fact, people used tocall him Double-Asshole.So watch out for that guy.Are you sure you're okay with this?Yes, Richard.It's time for me to be the bigger man.The cooler man.I am Kool-Aid, after all.Ladies and gentlemen, for the last 90 minutesyou have had an opportunityto explore a standard Hooliphoneupgraded with a brand new operating systemcalled Nucleus.Thank you ail for being here,Allen, Lisa, Josh, Yana, Katie, Ramon.I'd like to get everyone's first impressions.Who'd like to jump in? Anyone?How about you, Ramon?It's just stupid.Okay, so Ramon feels the phone is stupid.Could you elaborate, Ramon?Stupid how'?Please be as specific as possible, Ramon.Well, it's slow.The apps keep quitting on me.I tried to watch a movie,and it kept freezing up.And when I'm typing, like, there's a delay.Then all the letters pop up at once.You took a good phoneand you made it all, like, shitty.Keep in mind' I didn't design the phone.-It pissed me off.- I appreciate your honesty, Ramon.That's just one guy's opinion.Who else feels this product is stupid?Allen, Lisa, Josh, Yana, Katie.And did it piss off anyone else?- Allen, Lisa, Josh, Yana, Katie.- Okay.Christina, how bad is this? Be honest.Is this Windows Vista bad?It's not iPhone 4 bad, is it?Fuck. Don't tell me this is Zune bad.L'm sorry, Gavin.It's Apple Maps bad.And who else felt this product is messed up?Allen, Lisa, Josh, Yana...GAVIN: (YELLING) Fuck!I'm sorry for the disturbance,Allen, Lisa, Josh, Yana...So I can definitely get youfull res on the preview window.- Oh, sweet.- Cool. I'll get right on that.You see how much smoother this all runswithout Erlich hanging around?Right, yeah.Hey, did you ever send me the mockupfor the logo placement of the player window?Seriously, you should thinkabout dropping that guy.But what do I know'?I just built a billion-dollar company.Yeah. Yeah, okay.But about the mockupfor the logo placement...Hey, I gotta go Skypewith my European distributor.Keep cranking it, okay?Sure, uh, will do.Excuse me.That's not the final graphicfor the live stream, is it?Yep. Double-A signed off on it.- Just that? There's nothing else?- MAN: Nope.Hmm.Blaine doesn't die,but he is horribly incapacitated.And then while he's in the hospitalhe gets a flesh-eating virus,and then he dies.Well, obviously...His incessant suffering will be a strength.But our ability to enjoy it is an opportunity.What if before he diesGina catches the virus?And then she spreads itfrom her vagina to your penis.Wait, so in this scenario,I get to have sex with Gina?That's an opportunity.- Okay, how about this?-l'm listening.We let Blaine die,but then he's not aroundto stop someone elsefrom committingsome huge fucked-up act of evil?- The "Kill Hitler" scenario.- Right.-(KNOCKING)-(DOOR OPENS)HEY, guys? You guys busy?Uh...BLAINE: Cool. Um...I got something I gotta say.Listen. I know that I was really rudeto both of you yesterday.It's just, urn...When I got a stunt coming up,I'm a bundle of nerves,and sometimes I cantake that out on other people.You know, even with all the supportthat I get from Gina and our kids.- Kids.- I don't know why.But... And then again,I'm a guy who needs torisk his life jumping over stuff.So, what's that all about, right? (CHUCKLES)You know, actually just an hour agoI spotted an error in my math.Would have had me smearedacross the side of that building.Anyway, now I'm just totally rambling.Typical Blaine.What I wanted to say was that I'm sorry.Are we cool?Yeah, we're cool. Thanks for stopping by.Yeah, you should go quickly,'cause we have work to do.Okay.What's this?What is that?"Let Blaine die"?Oh!Shit. We... We write in code. We write in code.- This is compression...-"Strengths."Elaine's last momentis realizing face is gone"?"Weaknesses. Blaine dies super fast."Yeah, you really shouldn't be looking at that.That's all proprietary."Opportunities, fuck Gina"?Would you believethat was here when we came in?Double-A? Can I talk to you for a second?Yeah. Leave me alone for a sec.What's up?- Well, okay.I just saw a version of the player windowthat apparently you approved ofthat says Powered by Homicide on it?Oh, yeah, it does.Right. Well, there's no Pied Piper logo.Like, anywhere. So what's up with that?Oh, well...Homicide is an energy drink,and "power" means energy.So that's kind of confusing to the consumer,so I think we're gonna keep it the way it is.Uh, the whole point of doing thiswas so that we couldget our name out there. Remember'?I tell you what. Let's see how it goes this time,the next time we'll work something out.No. No. We...We can't see how it goes this time.There is no next time. Okay?We are racing to getour platform ready for CES.And we took time away from doing thatto do this so we could get PR value.If no one sees the logo,then there's no PR value at all.Oh, man. I'm sorry. But you get it.No, I don't get it.Okay, look, you have to putour logo in the viewer.That's it, period.Mmm... Actually,I don't have to do a damn thing.- Yeah, you do.- No, I don't.Okay, then neither do I.Richard, don't be an assholelike your buddy Kool-Aid. Okay?Just finish the build, okay?You know what, Double-A?Erlich was right.You are an asshole.In fact, you're a double-asshole!What did you call me?I... I called you a double-asshole.'Cause, you know, you're being an asshole.Double-A, Double-Asshole. You know?You're twice the asshole.Twice-Hole. Double-Asshole.Oh. Ew. ls that a colostomy bag?Do you have any ideawhat it's like to be 10 years oldand carry your own shit around in a bag?To have two assholes?All right. I... I didn't know...- DINESH: Hey, Richard'?- We should go.BLAINE: "Opportunities:urinate on Elaine's grave"?"Grief threesome with Gina and Blaine'shot mom, question mark"?- What the fuck?- I didn't...- DINESH: Richard, quickly!- But, I mean, you were being an asshole.Okay, good luck.(ERLICH LAUGHING)To his face?You called him that to his face?How could you not mentionthe colostomy bag?Because it's a very privateand personal matter.- It's not a laughing matter!- But you called him Double-Asshole first.Remember'? In college?- Yeah, but not to his face.Never to his face!Not even I'm that fucking cruel!But you are!I'm actually not.You tore Double-Asshole a third asshole!(LAUGHING)Triple-A!- Yeah' that was all my fault somehow'?- ERLICH: God!(ERLICH CONTINUES LAUGHING)DINESH: Yeah, that was a big wank.Since we're already set up for a live stream,might I make a suggestion?Wow.It looks even better than I thought it would.DINESH: ls that a still image?It's not frozen, is it?No, it's live. It's just not moving very muchbecause it's a fucking egg.But think of the wonderful thingsgoing on inside that egg.The resolution in your imagination is infinite.Oh, hey, we're up to 17 views.Okay, well, this isn't the PR coupthat we'd envisioned,but Nucleus fucked up way worse.At least we can go back to work knowingthat we're the only middle-out compressionthat actually functions.New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc?Steel-aged, drinks great during the day.I can move, so you guyscan stand next to each other.- Jared, no.- God, dude, no.-(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)- MONICA: Come on.- Russ, hey.- Good job, my man!Fucking live stream looks amazing!-It does?- Yeah, Homicide must be stoked!Homicide? What?- I love the new name. It's kick-ass.I' always thought Pied Piperwas kind of a limp-dick name.End Frame is way cooler.EndFrame? What?ANNOUNCER: Three, two, one! Yeah!- He made it. Farewell, sweet Gina.-(CROWD CHEERING)"Powered by EndFrame."Who the fuck is End Frame?Why is their fucking logo on this live stream?End Frame isn't you guys?Oh, fuck! EndFrame is those guysthat brain-raped us at Branscomb Ventures."EndFrame is a compression company"specializing inmiddle-out compression technology."Those pricks! They stole my algorithm!I know guys at the FBI we could call.Were you fucking hacked?Uh...Actually, no.Well, how did they get it then?-L'm sorry?- How did they get it then, Richard?RICHARD: How did they get it?Well, we... We kind of found ourselvesin their conference room,and accidentally sketched outour key componentsto our algorithms data modelon their whiteboards.(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)- RUSS: You fucking...-(LINE DISCONNECTS)Russ?He hung up.I'd file this one under "weakness," Jared.