(music playing)Hey, welcome to EndFrame.Yes, hi. Would you...Just tell your bossthat the CEO of PiedPiper is here to see them?That's the company that they ripped off.Sure. And your name is, sir?Erlich Bachman.No. I'm Richard Hendricks. I'm the CEO.(chuckles)- Oh, really?- Yes.Why would you assume that he's the CEO?Well, he's... No reason.Um... The guys are in a staffmeeting right now though.They should be out shortly.Would you guys like somewater while you wait?We have four flavors,and the cartons are madefrom locally sourced organic...Yeah, we get it. You're funded, so...They're good.(sighs)The market has beenexceptionally volatile lately.As a result...many of the very aggressivepositions we took...at your specific requesthave performed poorly.Very, very poorly.Do you understand?Yeah. Would you fuck her?If I weren't married, I suppose...but, Russ, as your business manager,I need to tell you something,and you're not going to like it.At all.♪ ♪Dinesh: So, what's the plan here, Richard?We're not gonna, like, fight them, right?Uh... No, no. I don't... I just...I mean, we got to do something.Even if it's just yelling at them...telling them that they'renot gonna get away with this.But you know they are, right?Well, not if I haveanything to do about it.But you sort of don't.I support you, Richard, nomatter how futile the effort.Thanks.Look who just right-swiped me on Tinder.Karen.She's cute.Says here that she'slooking for a man on the go.You don't "go" anywhere.What, are you getting that res on 4G?- She's cute, right?- Wow.Yoyodyne Wi-Fi?That's the company next door.Why is their Wi-Fi passwordsaved on your phone, Dinesh?Huh? Um...I have a friend who works there.Friend?What friend? You don't have any friends.Maroush Davidson Jones.Okay, fine. Fine. You got me.A couple of weeks back, Iwent on a few interviews, okay?And Yoyodyne was one of them.Jesus. Back off.Outed by Wi-Fi.It was when you said youwere selling to Hooli...and you know, as soon as youwent with Russ, I blew them off.You know what? Fuck this.I'm not waiting anymore.I'm going in there.Mr. Bachman's walking back to you now.That's not my name. Myname is Richard Hendricks.Hey, remember us?Oh. Hey, guys. What's up?♪ ♪You know what you did.Okay? I saw your live stream.Okay? I saw your "algorithm."That's mine. You stole it.Stole? We asked you guyssome questions a while back...and you were very helpful.See? Look. These, thephotos. These are the photos.This is proof that you stole it from us.No, those photos provethat you gave it to us.Well, you're stealing it all wrong.I mean, this is how you'regonna build the code book?Honestly? This is bush-league.And look at all these redundancies.I mean, look, if you'regonna build it like that...- Erlich: Richard, no.- Dinesh: Richard.Ugh...Hey, pen down, Dumbledorf.Suffice to say...there is somethingsomewhere on this board...that is gonna strangle you at scale.Don't write that down. Stop.Hear me when I say this.Your tech is alwaysgonna be worse than ours.That's fine.How is that fine?'Cause we have a finishedplatform and you don't.Which means, we're the only...middle-out companycurrently in the marketplace.And that's enough for my sales team.Your what?(phones ringing)This is our sales team.(indistinct chatter)Okay.(phones continue ringing)Hear that sound, buddy?That's the sound of usleaving you in the dust.(music theme playing)Gentlemen of the Hooli board... and lady,question, what is failure?To the ignorant or thosein conventional industries,the recent Nucleus glitchmay seem a failure...purely in the negative sense.But we, in this valley, all knowthat "failures" just like this one...are really stepping stones.To bring us the iPhone,Steve Jobs first had to bring us...the Newton.To bring us Facebook...Mark Zuckerberg alsohad to bring us Wirehog.Before he brought us Digg, Kevin Rose...had to bring us a wholelot of useless things...and after Digg as well, for that matter.The point being...what those in dying businesssectors call failure,we, in tech, know to be pre-greatness.Uh, I'm sorry.Are you telling us thatthe disastrous resultsof your Nucleus livestream are a good thing?No, I'm not telling you that.History is telling you that.Please, Gavin, enough spin.A misstep of thatmagnitude, there's no excuse.It's not like we can tell the shareholdersyou've suddenly added new functionality.Haven't I?Have you?We weren't told about this.If I told you about it,it wouldn't exactly be a secret function.Now, would it?Secret function?Are you saying you've addedsomething new to the Nucleus platform?Imagine if you will...a function so game-changing,that its integration into Nucleuswill justify any miscuein the platform's roll out.Imagine, if you will, afunction so game-changing,that its integration into Nucleuswill justify any miscuein the platform's roll out.Seriously, imagine it,and do it quickly.You were all brought hereto generate moonshots.I need a moonshot now.If there's any greatnessin any of you at all,now is the time to access it.Please don't disappoint me.Please, please, please don't disappoint me.Maybe start after lunch?- Yeah.- Yeah.♪ ♪Hello? Russ?Oh, my God. Is that shit?- Oh...- Is there dog shit on the floor?Yes, it's shit.God!What happened to your painting?That's what I wanted to talk to you about.I've got some bad news,and you're gonna hear it eventually,so you might as well hear it from me.Sit down.My accountant has informed me that, uh...I'm financially ruined.Holy shit. How?Because of a series of...bad investments that my fucking money guylet me talk him into,I've managed to lose over $200 million.Wait. Didn't you startout with $1.2 billion?I mean, you're not exactly broke, right?I might as well be.$986 million?I'm not a billionaire anymore, Richard.I'm a nine-hundred-and-eighty-sixionaire,which isn't even a fucking thing.I'm out of the Three Comma Club.Functionally, I'm just like you.Jesus, fuck, that's depressing.Right. But you're still,basically, a billionaire.Not if you round down.If you round down, I have zero billion."Forbes" has taken me offtheir billionaire's list.Instead, they'll probablyput me on their...close-but-no-cigarlist,which is ironic because Ismoke a fuck ton of cigars.Why the fuck do I buy so many cigars?I remember the secondI became a billionaire.I was ass-naked sitting right there,just clicking and refreshing,clicking and refreshing,watching my stock rise.And when it happened,I popped a rod so fast, Iwent blind for a full minute.Nutted all over those cushions.I was the king.Now look at me.Two shitty fucking commas.I had to sell my McLaren.Yeah, but there's aMaserati in the driveway.Who gives a fuck?That has doors that open like this.Not like this.Or like this.So it's all fucked.Well, it's not all fucked.You did save $50,000 not payingfor the charity ball ticketsthat you gave me.Quite an embarrassingmoment for Jian-Yang and I.What? Richard, listen,my accountants tell me...I need you to start throwing off cashas quickly as possible, okay?But you said generating revenuewas exactly what we shouldn't be doing.But now that I'm spellingbillion with an "M,"I'm saying do the exact opposite.I need you to come back to me in 24 hoursand bring me a proposal thatturns the entire operationinto a sales-based model,just like you told me thoseassholes over at EndFrame have.You're gonna dig me outof this hole, Richard.- What?- You said it yourself.EndFrame is built to graba bunch of cash quickly,- and that's what I need.- Uh...Dad, where is Mom?Your mom is with her friend Philippe.They're in Napa. She'sgonna be a few hours.These guys are gonna watch you, okay?Watch out for the dog shit. Okay?I gotta hit the road.Daddy's going to Vegas.Flying in a rented Citation Ultra.Fuck me!Hello.Erlich: Uh... hey, buddy.Jared: Russ wants us toconvert to a sales model?That's just not possible.I mean, you saw the sizeof that team at EndFrame.There were 40 people in that room?Right.Even if we fired all of theengineers that we just hired...Looking good.Keep at it, Claude.Jared: Absolutely. Yourjobs are not at risk.That's very comforting.Even if we adjusted our workforceand hired sales people instead,Service Level Agreements likethat are enormously complex,they take a huge number of man hours.There's no way we could findclients, negotiate terms,and push deals out the funnel fastenough to yield real cash anytime soon.We're just not built for it.Right. Yeah. Yeah.Oh, Karen posted another photo.Sending it to you right now.Wait. Why does it say "sentfrom my iPhone" at the bottom?You just sent this from your computer.It's so that I seem likeI'm an out-and-aboutkind of person.I put that in the signatureand then in the body, I'll write fun stuff,like, "I'm at the openingof a secret restaurant."Or, "I'm watching 'Jaws' atthe pool of an old hotel."You know, keep it fun, vague, mysterious.It is a mystery why you thinkyou'll ever see a woman naked.Dinesh, do you want a piece of advice?- No, thank you.- Okay, I...I know Karen is out of my league.Okay? She's practically not my species.I'm a guppy, and I'm tryingto mate with a dolphin.You guys are bottom-feeders.You're like the fish thatswim into other fish's mouthsand eat bacteria off their teeth.There's no such fish.You made that fish up.Okay, it's an analogy.I'm not gonna debatethe existence of the literal fish with you,- 'cause it's not relevant.- Well good, 'cause it doesn't exist.That is a real fish.Why don't you just send emails,from your actual iPhone?It's all the way in my room.Wait, so you are tryingto convince this girlthat you run half-marathons,but you won't walkhalfway across this houseto get your iPhone?Basically.♪ ♪Hi. Is there a... a Russ...(mumbling)Boy genius, what's up?Hey, Russ, uh...Look, I've run thenumbers 50 different ways,and I just don't knowhow I'm gonna convert...You don't need to know.I don't pay you to know.Know what?That's right. I know, you don't know.- I don't know what you know.- No, you don't know,'cause I figured it out.You know what? It's what I do.I put radio on the Internet.I'm putting the third commaback into my net worth,and you don't have to do jack shit.Thanks. Come on, let's getsome food. I'm starving.Do you want your...Richard, hey.Good to see you again.What is this?This is the solution.They're not a competitor ifyou're a part of them, right?Pied Piper is gonna merge with EndFrame.I mean, seriously, I'm a genius, right?Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wherethe fuck are you going?You're gonna blow this deal.You cannot be serious.Those are the guys whoripped off my algorithm,which they totally fucked up, by the way.Okay, so now you can fix it.Y-You give them a better algorithm,they'll give you a killer sales team.And in exchange for bringing you to them,they give me a big fat buyoutof my stake in your company.I'm that much closer to re-billionizing.Those guys are clowns.Clowns with commitments worth millions.Did you know they have a dealon the table with Intersite?Intersite? The porn company? Really?I know. Awesome, right?And they've done months of hard work.All you have to do isshow up and compress shit.The answer is no.Wrong. You do this deal,or I pull your funding.Well, you can't pull fundingbecause we have a contract, so...Oh, we have a contract?We have a fucking contract, Richard?You wanna know what I have?(chiming on and off)A fucking car whose doors open like this.Not like this, not like this.(engine starting)(stereo playing loudly)These are not the doorsof a billionaire, Richard.Fuck you!(engine roaring, tires screeching)Fuck you in the ass.(electric guitar playing)So you wanna sue Russ Hanneman?Yeah. Yeah, we had a contract.He promised to give us $5 millionand now he's welshing.And you wanna sue EndFrame?Yes, because they stole our IP.Before or... after you gave it to 'em?Okay, we were tricked, so...Richie, you're not a guythat should be worried about suing people.You need to be worriedabout the guy at Hooliwho's suing you.If you don't mount avigorous legal defense,then you lose to Gavin Belson by default.And you are stamped "Property of Hooli."You let Hanneman walk,how you plan on paying these cats?I just paid them 80 grand.As a retainer.That retains them.Now you gotta pay them.Hold on. So I just paid them $80,000...for the right to pay them more?Yeah.Fucking lawyers, man. Right?Like it or not, Richie,you're stuck with Hanneman.♪ ♪Monica: I mean, technically,it's not even a merger.EndFrame just absorbs you, and you're gone.Right. So, basically, weend up working for EndFrameafter giving them our idea,which was way better than theirs,and they end up making more money than us.Fuck that. Assholes.Fucking king-sized assholes.Butt-holes indeed.What if we didn't do that?What if, instead, we got ourown client like EndFrame has,a porn company or something?That's not really how it works, Gilfoyle.You can't just go get a client.- Why not?- 'Cause it's not that easy.Why not?'Cause EndFrame worked thatIntersite deal for months,kicking every detail of the contractand SLA back and forth,promising tons of custom features.And you can't just make that stuff up.What if I didn't have to make it up?What if I had every detailof their deal on my computerright in front of me?I'm sorry, um...Are you just asking what if...or do you actually have this information?Gilfoyle, please don't tell me...that you hacked into EndFrame's system.Okay. I won't tell you that.W-Well, did you hack into it or not?My feeling is...if you're the CEO of a companyand you're dumb enoughto leave your login infoon a Post-it note on your desk,while the people thatyou fucking ripped offare physically in youroffice, it's not a hack.It's barely social engineering.It's more like natural selection.Fucking ninja.Okay. I was not in the roomwhile this was happening.This is way over the line.This is crazy illegal.We're not trading on stoleninformation. It's not worth it.What if it was worth it?It's not, so...Gilfoyle, uh, hypothetically,how much is it worth?$15 million.- What?- Holy shit!Okay, I was definitely not inthe room while this happened.I've got it all righthere with a bow on it...Delivery dates, benchmarks.They're promising to deliverhigh-quality 4K streaming videoat 20 megabits per second.That's it? That's dog shit.If we can put a half-decent buildof our platform in front of Intersite,I mean, we can shark this 15 milright out from under EndFrame.I... I don't understand.How does Intersite have allthis money to throw around?It's pornography, Richard.Adult content has driven moreimportant tech adaption than anything.The first fiction everpublished on a printing presswas an erotic tale.And from there, it was Super 8 film...Polaroid, home video,digital, video on demand...Monica: Credit cardverification systems, Snapchat.Pornography accounts for37% of all Internet traffic.38 when I'm on it.Reducing Intersite serverload by a tiny fraction,could save them tens ofmillions of dollars a year.Hundreds.$15 million is only like sixhours of Intersite CDN bill, right?But to us, that...I mean, we could settle out with Russ,pay our legal fees,have plenty of runway to get us to CES.Minor detail. This is stealing.You mean like lying and telling someonethat you want to fund their company,and then taking their techwhen they meet with you?Like that kind of stealing?You wanted to do something, Richard.This is something.♪ ♪It's time to walk theleft-hand path, Richard.♪ ♪The statistics here are clear.Protecting existing revenue streams...in the current climate isno longer a viable option.We must run forwardsimply to stay in place,by doing what the adultindustry has always done, lead.Pioneering cutting-edge interfacesacross new device platformslike Oculus and iWhackwill be the key to oursurvival as an industry.And based on their recentinvestment patterns,tech leaders such as Facebook agree.Ladies and gentlemen,welcome to the future.(electronic buzzing)(applauses)♪ ♪Erlich: What is that on yourcomputer screen? A fractal?No, it's just pictures ofart I've been sending Karenfrom my mobile phone whichis charging over there.I told her I just got back froma gallery opening in Hunter's Point.Who painted that disappointment?Jaden, age five.I got it from hisMontessori school website.He's not online, he's never gonna find out.What?Crimes againstchildren...Really, so easy to get away with.(cell phone chimes)Oh, another text from Karen."In your 'hood. Can I come over?"IDK. Too soon, question mark."Fuck.What's the issue?This is what you want.You know, it's... Theplace is so dirty right now.Probably another day isbest for such activity?Um, should I tell her I'mout getting Ethiopian tapas?I don't see what the problem is here.She wants to come over, and sheacknowledged that it's too soon.You've basically done the deed...which for you is...ejaculating in your ownpants all over your leg...and then apologizing profusely.Just maintain eye contact,light some scented candlesand throw in some Sade.The early stuff, though,before her arrangements got too baroque.Okay, that is sad.I can do this. Um...She would never sleep witha guy who lives like this.I don't even know where to start.Um, do you guys want to help meclean up a little bit real quick?No, don't do that.- Uh, Miss Kendall.- Yeah.Excuse me.I am data compression.I do data compression,and, uh, I know that, um,EndFrame is telling youthat they can lower yourbandwidth and storage costsby delivering your new 4K video streamat 20 megabits per second.Who the hell are you?Uh, sorry. I'm Pied Piper.I am Richard Hendricks of...- You're the CEO.- Yes.- Uh, thank you.- I saw you at TechCrunch.How do you know thespecs of my EndFrame deal?I can't... I don't...Okay. I don't like thisat all, Richard Hendricks.I'm sorry. Goodbye.I can save you millions in bandwidth.My, uh, algorithm is lossless.I can deliver the same 4K video,at seven megabits per second, 60 fps.We are fasterand have a higher quality than EndFrameat a third of the bit rate.- Bullshit.- I can prove it.Before you spend a dime, let me prove it.You know I'm on the board of two charitiesand a no-kill animal shelterwith Gavin Belson, right?The man who is suingyou for stealing his IP.That lawsuit's bullshit.I have a very complicateddeal in place with EndFrame.Why should I back outand take a risk on you?Back there, you said thatyour business needs to dowhatever it takes in order to survive.Well, so does mine.And this is it.If I don't get thisdeal, my company is dead.So this is your place?Yes.I know it's weird that aguy like me would live here,but, honestly, this is just where I rest.Out there is where I live.Did you get my link to theCatalan animation festival?Oh, did I?Where do you stand on thesubtitling v. dubbing debate?'Cause to me, dubbing is boorish.'Cause every language to me has its own...Hey, how'd you get on our Wi-Fi?How does your phone know the password?Did it?Yeah, it connected immediately.It's analpha-numeric... - Oh.- Long password.- Oh.Um... I...Okay, this is really weird.Karen?Erlich.Hey.I didn't realize that it was you, Karen,the Karen that Dinesh...You two know each other?In a sense. Yeah.What... -Outed by Wi-Fi.Is the specifics of the "sense"?Oh... uh...You never, uh... you never called.I, uh... got super busy.Hey, we all do.Well, we should probablyhead to the festival, so...So did you ever find my earrings?I... Idon't know.Should we, uh, checkthe old lost and found?Okay.♪ ♪So, here goes.By wearing this standardHooli ear-bud headphone,modified with a small piezoelectric sensor,the user can control their Hooli phonesolely with their neural impulses.Point, click, drag, even type...all using only brainwaves.Think it...and it happens.Holy shit!Seriously?Seriously.This is great.Fuck, yes, team!So, uh, what's our, um, timeline here?I mean, when do we start testing this?How long before we canintegrate this into Nucleus?Not long.It'll probably happen in our lifetime.We just have to figure outhow to make it work. (chuckles)But I really believe that our grandchildrenare going to grow up takingthis technology for granted.Our grandchildren?I know you're single, butyou might meet someone.No. No! No!What do you have that's ready now?Well... Hmm...Truth be told, we kind of putall our eggs into this basket,but we do have the kick-asspotato cannon, though.Although, actually, this one is broken.We tried to put a Mr. Potato Head in it,and it did not like that.♪ You give me, you're giving me ♪♪ The sweetest taboo ♪♪ Too good for me ♪Still in there, eh?What do you think? Will theyever find those earrings?Funny thing about lost items...always in the last place you look.♪ ♪Thanks for coming in, guys.I look forward to working with you.Us too.Come on back. This way.We're right in here.Oh, hey, Mark.Good to see you again.What is this?This is a bake off.I'm gonna give EndFrame and Pied Piperthe same video library to compress.In a week, I'll reviewand award the contract towhoever does a better job.What?- "Who... whomever."- What?"Whomever does the better..."But okay, yeah. Never mind.Welcome to the left-hand path, my friend.(music playing)