RICHARD: That was awesome.ERLICH: We just fed our hogsto those EndFrame motherfuckers.RICHARD: I don't know. (CHUCKLES)GILFOYLE: Oh, shit.Richard.- I just got a call from Marc at End Frame.- Yeah.Uh, sorry that that dealdidn't go through, Russ,but this bake-off can be huge for us.And we should actually get started.We have a lot of work to do.Yeah.We have a lot of work to do, Richard.A lot.We have to drinkthis entire bottle of tequila today.- What?Bake-off, bitch.Let's get fucked up. Shots, baby.- Uh... I don't... l don't...Richard, this is my own brand.'Has (Dumas.Do you know what that means in Spanish?- Three...- Nope. Three commas.As in, the number I'll havewhen we are donekicking the tar out of EndFrameand I make that fuck pile of lntersite money.Am I right'? Come on, shots.- So, you're not mad'?- No, of course not.Okay. Yeah, sure. I'll just do one shot.We are going to drink to re-billionizing.Okay.To re-billionizing.- To re-billionizing.- That's it.(GAGS)(BURPING AND COUGHING)One more'?Uh...Russ... (CLEARING THROAT)We need to pay our lawyersand we need to pay our engineers,so before you go,can you just write us another check, please?What? No, Richard,giving you money right nowis the worst thing I could do for you.What? Why? How?Look what just happened.I threatened to walkand you turned lean and hungry,and you clawed your wayinto a $15-million deal.And when you win this bake-off,because I gave you no money,and I get my third comma back,I promise you this, Richard,I'm gonna come back hereand you and I are gonna polish offthis entire motherfucking bottleof Tres Comas together.Put it right up high.Come on! Don't leave me hanging.That's it! That's how we do business.(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)The Nucleus ad buy will bethe largest in our history.Awareness of this productwill be unprecedented.Yeah. Am I the only oneconcerned about overexposure?Well, we haven't seen the platform yet,but we're planning on slipping Nucleusto influential tech journalists and bloggers.Because, certainly, once they see Nucleus...Sorry, sorry.That strategy just sounds so inside the box.Might it not be more innovativeto shroud Nucleus in mysteryuntil the official rollout next January'?Gavin, I'm sorry.ls everything okay with Nucleus?We are on schedule, yes?Because based on your assurances,we've staked substantial resourceson its performance.(EXHALES)Gentlemen of the board, and Rachel,listen to me very carefully.Nucleus is on track.And you have my word that if it failsto be everything we need it to be,someone will be held responsible.Me? You want me to come back to Hooli?No way. It's too late.I've accepted MIT's offer of tenure.My wife, my children and my motherare already back in Boston.I'm here because I believe in you.And because I believewe didn't believe in you enough before.Yeah, you did not.XYZ was beneath your talent.Surely you felt it. I did.Why else would I lay it off on Bighetti?XYZ is about the distant future.But we can't wait for you.We need you now, guidingcritical components of our core business.Components like Nucleus.I'm sorry. Are you offeringto put me in full charge of Nucleus?Indeed I am. You and only you.You'll get the credit and the glory.The name Davis Bannerchek will beinextricably linked with that of Nucleus.I mean, there's a chance no one will knowI had anything to do with it at all.Gentlemen, nothing else in the truck. Stop.Who's done withthe transcoding workflow? Me.Good job, Carla.Or should I say, "Scrumptious"?(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)Because of the board, the scrum board.- Oh, I get it.- Yeah.Or just... I mean, not you.I mean, you could... You are. Uh...Also, thanks to everybodyfor forgoing your salary this week.Remember, if we win,bonuses all around, so...Go team.When we win.-(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)-(SCOFFS)That is rousing, Richard.Yeah, so, when we win it.(COMPUTER CHIMES)RICHARD: Whoa. Have you guys seen this?Seth, the network security guyfrom EndFrame,just changed his Linkedln statusto "unemployed."No way. You think we got him fired?I bet we did. That's awesome.Well, we never actually breached his security.Remember we got Marc's login infoand went through the front door?So, he didn't actually do anything wrong.He worked for EndFrame,the pieces of shit that stole our algorithm.Yeah. So, by the transitive property,he is, therefore, also a piece of shit.Well, the pieces of shit fired him.So, his "piece of shit" status is reversed.Okay, fine. So, the transitive propertymay no longer apply,but the reflexive propertystates everything is equal to itself.So, since he's a piece of shit,he's a piece of shit.Okay, math aside,the point I'm trying to make here iswe didn't actually break his code. Okay?So, he's getting fired for no reason.And I kind of feel bad for the guy.He's probably pulling his hair out somewhere,wondering where he screwed up.But he didn't screw up,and he'll never know thatfor the rest of his life.I bet you're right.He probably is justripping his hair out somewhere.I wish I could see that.Piece of shit.He's a piece of shit.(KEYBOARD CLACKING)(DOOR OPENS)ERLICH: Monica?Did you forget about Jian Yang and I's pitch?No, I was on my phone.You talking to Benson or Hedges?(CHUCKLES) Am I right?- Cigarette company.- Clever.What if I told youthere is an app on the market...Not now. No, no, you waituntil you're inside. Okay?We haven't even gotten the bottle of water yet.Head in. I'll meet you in there.I just need to finish this call.Sure. Cool with a "K."Okay.Water.JIAN YANG: What if I told youthere is an app...Jian Yang, this is the assistant.We wait for the boss to pitch.The woman you saw outside. Okay?Oh, the lady who was smoking? You said no.Sorry. Monica was smoking? Cigarettes?Cigarettes.No, no, no. He's confused. He's Chinese.He's talking about this crack-addict prostitutewe saw at the gas station.She was smoking cigarettes. So sad.Oh.Jian Yang, what're you doing?This is Palo Alto.People are lunatics about smoking here.We don't enjoy all the freedomsthat you have in China. All right?Where people smoke all the time.I don't smoke. Except for special occasions.So, you do smoke?Wait, have you been smoking in my house?No. There's no special occasionever happen in your house.See this little bald spot on my temple?I've literally been tearing my own hair out.I e-mailed Gilfoyle about a dozen times,and all he kept sending mewere these photos.RICHARD: Some woman choking. Balls.Choking. A pair of balls. I get it."Choke on my balls." It's like a rebus.He's such a dick.How the fuck did he get into my system?At least give me a hint.Something. Anything.(SIGHS)Fuck.What if, hypothetically,there was a certain CEO in your officethat left his login information on a Post-it,and a certain someone took itand used that to get in?Are you saying Gilfoylenever penetrated my network?I'm saying you weren't firedbecause of anything to dowith your security config.It wasn't my fault?- Oh, my God.- You know what?I'm glad I came here.I think it's goodjust to get everything out in the open...That piece of shit!Gilfoyle kept taunting me and taunting me.- What're you doing? No, don't call him.- Hello, Gilfoyle?-It's Seth.- Don't mention me or...Richard just told me about the Post-it,so fuck you!You just fucked with the wrong hacker.There's... There's kids.I'm gonna skullfuck your whole system.Fuck you, Gilfoyle!Fuck you, Richard!Fuck all of you Pied Piper fucks!I actually, don't... I don't know him.I'm just here by myself.Just watching and waiting.I love kids. Not like that.So...Why would you do that?Why would you go talk to him?I don't know, you know.Face-to-face meetings make things better.I just felt bad for the guy,and he was not doing well.I mean, what if I hadn't said anythingand he'd have, you know, killed himself?Yeah, well, there's no chanceof that now, is there?Richard, you don't seem to understandwhat's going on.We hacked into EndFrame's systemand stole their specs.You can't go traipsing aroundto their former employeestelling them how we did itjust to make them feel better.You're a fucking black hat now. Act like it.- What? I'm a black hat? How am I a black hat?- Shh!EndFrame stole from us first.And since the negative of a negativeis a positive' stealing from a thief is okay.It's the additive inverse property.Math aside, Richard, we're all black hats now.The point is,what are we gonna do about Seth?How do you mean?Well, I mean, we have an unemployedand very pissed off systems guywho very publicly threatenedto skullfuck our whole system.He's not gonna do shit. He's a coder.By definition, we're all pussies.Look, he'll vent for half an hourand then he'll go LARPing and moggingand stroke his dick for a while.Even if he does try to crack us, Richard,I built our network security myself.-L'm not worried about it at all.- So, just...This doesn't concern you guys?Okay, because he said, and I quote,that he was going to skullfuck us!Oh. Hey. Hi.- You have a great daughter.- WOMAN: Come on, Ashley, let's go.(CELL PHONE RINGING)Go for Erlich.Thanks for outing me.You're gay. Thai explains so much.No, outing me for smoking.I was heading home when my insane bosscalled me into the conference roomfor some kind of anti-smoking intervention."No one ever died from secondhand heroin."Yeah, she said that.- What did you say?- I said nothing.Jian Yang may have let a little something slipto your boy Friday,but don't worry, I covered with aplomb.That little weasel tells Laurie everything.On that topic, what did you think of his app?Well, the fundamental idea is sound.An app that helps parentsfind the least crowded playgrounds.Good. So, you understood him.The problem is, he's basically createdthe perfect tool for pedophiles to find victims.Yes, and pedophilesare typically not early-adopters,so we would miss out on that whole market.That's problematic.Well, we'll tweak itwhen we present it to your boss.I don't think what I sawwas close to ready for Laurie.Oh, really, Monica?Well, I'm sorry that your bossunearthed your filthy little secret,but believe it or not,I actually tried to have your back,and I was hopingyou might do the same for me.Then again, your judgment is suspect.You are a smoker.I smoke a few cigarettes a week.(COUGHING)Fine. I'll ask Laurie for five minutes,but that's it.And tell Jian Yang he better bring it.Monica, we may never knowwhat indecipherable Chinese provinceJian Yang comes from,bu! I know this much,Jian Yang was born to bring it,and you have got to try women.I mean, just give it a...I'm sure the work that you have done so farhas been very good.But now that I am here, the real work begins,and time is of the essence.I'm gonna need status reportsfrom every department.Where are we?We have a mobile beta on a HooliPhone.You wanna see it?Hmm, yeah.He quit? What do you mean he quit?According to security,he entered the building at 9:13.He met with the Nucleus team for 11 minutes.Then he used his key card to exit the building.Three minutes later, he was clocked at 73in a 25 zone going past our daycare center.He never returned, and he hasn't respondedto our calls or e-mail.Gavin, is it possible that this is a good thing?Bannerchek was gonna step inat the last minuteand take a lot of the credit for Nucleus.Now the world will knowthat you're responsible for Nucleus.You and you alone.(SIGHS)Not now!Okay, so, no attemptsto externally access the system? Right?No SQLi, XSS, worms, Trojans, nothing?Same answer as I gave youthe last three clays. No.Seth hasn't done shit. We're all good.Richard, your paranoiahas become officially tedious.Okay, okay. Our platform is basically built.Tomorrow, lntersite is gonna start dumping100 terabytes of videodirectly onto our server via fucking FTP.We are gonna be the most vulnerablewe've ever been.And Seth is out there lurking.Just lurking in the darknet ready to pounce,like an Internet panther, and we don't care.Okay, well, frankly,your lack of paranoia is insane to me.Now you're paranoidthat we're not paranoid enough?You're para-paranoid, Richard.- Where are you going?- To the kitchen.Why are you going together?Are you gonna talk about me?What're you looking at?You guys have got a lot of work to do.(INHALES DEEPLY)I'm glad you reached out.And I want you to know I'm not gonna doany of those things that I threatened to do.Really? Just to be clear,no skullfucking of any kind?No. I guess I just needed to vent.Actually, I was pretty worriedthat you were gonna do something crazy.You can relax.And please tell GilfoyleI'm sorry for what I said,and that he can relax, too.Uh...You don't have to worry about Gilfoyle.He couldn't have cared less.- Really?- Yeah.You know, I gotta be honest.I mean, I'm really glad I came back here.I mean, Dinesh and Gilfoyleobviously said it was a bad idea,especially given what happened.But this just really restores my faiththat face-to-face meetings are the way to...That smug cocksuckerdidn't think I had the skillsto break into his system, that motherfucker.What? What are you... Don't...Who are you calling?- Hello, Gilfoyle. It's Seth again.- Hey, don't mention that I...Richard here just told meyou're not afraid of me.Well, you know whatI'm gonna do to you now, motherfucker?Get out our here. Scatter. Scatter.L'm skullfucking the shit outof your system this time.How you like me now, you cocksucking,motherfucking piece of shit?In our initial build,we realized that the samegee-tagging technologythat could be used to locateuncrowded playgroundscould also be used to prey on children,our greatest natural resource,by one ofsociety's worst elements, pedophiles.The pedophile facing nature of the appwould present marketing pain points. Yes.But under Monica's guidance,we realized the same technologycould also be usedto create a real-time, crowd-sourced mapof an even worse segment of the population.- Worse than pedophiles?- Smokers.Oh.Because, let's face it,no ones ever died of secondhand heroin.True.True.With our app, users can locate and thus avoidthese self-indulgent,self-destructive, negligent monsters.- Negligent?- Yeah.We call it "Smokation."It's a clever hybridof "smoker" and "location."It's interesting.It's interesting.Well done. Well done.So, what kind of term sheetdo you think she's gonna lay on us?There's a lot of work to do,but you certainly knewhow to play to your audience.So, I'd say it looks good.Oh!Today is a great day.What is he doing?Special occasion.(GROANS)- Oh, shit.- You...You brought cigarettes in here?No, Hake from her purse.RICHARD: Well, this is it.Our pants are basically around our anklesuntil this transfer is done. Anything?Again, no. Nothing.Okay. Well, did you sweep for...Unauthorized kernel modules, yes.I even purgedthe entire server hypervisor again.DINESH: I know we are vulnerable, right now,but, Richard, we're covered, okay?We severed the prod and dev net.Look, you made us put our phonesin a fucking Faraday cage.We even killed the Wi-Fi and reverted backto this Stone Age hard line Ethernet switch.Look at all this shit. Are we in the '90s?Richard, no one is cracking our transfer.Not Seth, not some rogue nuclear state,not Sk3wl of fucking R00t.No one.And in two hours and 47 minutes,when we've pulled all of lntersite's dataonto our servers, we're golden,so just chill the fuck out.Do another Weissman testto make yourself feel better.L just did.Still 2115.1'?Uh... Actually' 5.2.- Holy shit, dude. That's blazing.- Hmm.Wait, so, we're actually gonna win this thing.I don't know.Ask me again in two hours and 46 minutes.(DOOR LOCK JANGLES)RUSS: Hey, quit all the fucking and let me in.- Hey, come on, why's the door locked?- Coming.- Are you afraid you're gonna get raped?- Jared, don't...What? You're locking the door now?You don't answer my texts. What the fuck?Russ, we're at a pretty critical junctureright now, so...What's that?That is pornography,thousands of hours of it.Yeah, it is.Russ, tomorrow, I would be happyto walk this through with you.Okay. No, no, I'm out of here.Just answer me this, are we good?Uh, yes. The platform is running great.But it's just really fragile right nowand we have a lot to focus on.So, again, probably tomorrow would be...Fine, fine, but after we have tequila.(LAUGHS)- What?- Shots, boys.-L'm in.- No, no Lane's in.What are... We're not doing shots right now.Richard, come on, quit being such a pussyand have some tequila with your money guy.You're not our money guy.I'm not your money guy. Since when?Since you stopped giving us money, asshole.Who's an asshole? I forced you to get lean.No. You forced us to hack EndFrameand break the law.And now, like it or not,I'm a fucking black hat.But that's okay. That's okay. That's cool.We're gonna win this bake-offand pay you enough moneyto go away forever.So, take your shitty tequilaand your shitty jeanswith fucking metal chunks on them,and get the fuck out of here.(RICHARD CLEARS THROAT)Wow. That's...That's harsh.First of all, this is not shitty tequila.This is very good tequila.400-year-old family-run distillery.Super high-end shit.But I guess what really bums me outis I thought we got each other.You know, you were my guys, you know?That Q UV-Bin Laden.He fucks.You know what's hardabout being a billionaire, Richard?You never know if someonelikes you for you or for your money.And I guess, with you,it was all about the money, wasn't it, Richard?Don't you worry, I'll leave, and I'll evenleave you the tequila because that's who I am.But before I go,I want you to come outsideand see something. It's a gift.Come on outside, everybody.Just... I won't waste your time.- Just for a second.-(SIGHS)MAN: No way.A McLaren 6508 Spider.Yup, just like the one I had to sellwhen I dropped below aBillion.What do you think, Richard? You like it?Uh, wow! Uh...I don't know what to say.You got this for me?What?No, I... It's for me. I bought this for myself.To celebrate you guyshelping me get back to a billion.That's why I came here, to show it to you.To say thank you. I'm not an asshole.- You drove here with a bow on it?- No, I put it on after I parked.I don't understand.You got yourself a giftto prove that you're not an asshole?- Right.-(CELL PHONE RINGING)Sorry. Hello.This is Eshwar Singh, the CTO of lntersite.What the fuck are you doing?You're deleting all my data.What the hell? What the hell?(KEYBOARD CLACKING)- Fuck, I'm locked out of the system.- So am I.- We all are.- It's just deleting everything.You motherfuckers!It's fucking Seth.Gilfoyle, you said you had this.I thought I did. I don't...This is fucking impossible!ESHWAR: You guys are killing me.I'm losing hundreds of hours of content.Yeah, well, we got hacked. So, pull the plug.Shut it down on your end.I cant. The disk is spinning at 100%and I don't have access.Now it's basically a fucking fork bomb,and you locked me out of my own system.Okay, Carla, shut it down.None of the system shortcuts are responding.Can't even SIGKILL the transfer.It's like all of our keyboards are locked.Okay, fucking...Eshwar, I can't really problem solve thisand talk to you on the phoneat the same time, so...Don't you dare fucking hang up on...How the fuck did Seth do this?Well, you said he was harmless.Obviously I was wrong.He must be inside as root.It's like he's right here in this housemelting us down.Can you guys just shut the fuck up'?I'm trying to sleep.Why the fuck would you smokeimmediately after an anti-smoking pitch?- Why would you do that? Why?- JIAN YANG: It's a special occasion.ERLICH: Go to your room! Fuck!My keyboardisn't hooked up to anything...Seth is single-handedlyfucking the future of this companyand there's nothing we can do about it!Make it stop. Make it stop. Make it stop.It just stopped deleting.Hey, guys.I think it's this.RICHARD: What the fuck?-lt's happening again.- No, no, no! Stop doing that!- Take it off! Take it off!Huh.The Tres Comas bottle was on the delete key.It was...The corner of it.It was just... It just got on there.That's not great, but...Good now. Here you go.I'm gonna...I gotta go.Did we delete over 9,000 hoursof your premium content?Yes, we did.And that is bad, certainly.But the way we did it.See, our compressionis so incredibly powerfulthat we were able to delete all those filesat a rate that until now was unthinkable.If we're considering just raw speed.So, uh, just bear in mind,you know' when making your final decision,had EndFrame accidentallyput a tequila bottle on their delete key,I guarantee, they would have struggledto delete half the amount of files that we did.At best.Or worst. I could also...l could... I...- Ended up being the worst.- Worst.- Definitely.- Yeah.But you know what? Um...I...I'm actually gladthat we came here today, all of us,because this is good.Because now more than ever, in these times,meeting face-to-face...Get out.- All of us or just...- Now. All of you.Okay.Thank you for your time.I would be remiss if l didn't mention thatyour sites are some of myprimary destinations...- Out.- Okay.