(MUSIC PLAYING)Hey, could we get one more round, please?It's on a tab, Bighetti.- WOMAN: Sure. Coming up.- Cool. Thanks.Well, well, look who's the big shot.Yeah, big shot.How are you guys?Everything good over at Nucleus?Nucleus is dog shit. How do you do it, man?You used to be the most useless guyin the entire Nucleus team,but now you run an entire division.Did you ever ask yourself why?No. (CHUCKLES) No, I never have.Do you have any skill at allother than magicallyfailing your way to the top?I have a boat. I guess that's not really a skill.- Fucking Big Head, man.- Fucking Big Head.Take care.Oh.Hey. Hey' you forgot your phone.At least, I think this is your...Holy shit.RICHARD: Holy shit.Right?- This is Nucleus?- Yep.That is a beta of their entire mobile platform,and it sucks.Yeah. I mean, the UX is, like, Soviet-era.When it stores photos,they actually gel larger.They never cracked middle-out.I actually kind of wishyou didn't show me this,because nowI know we totally would have beaten them.As it is now, I mean, we can't get funded.All of our new coders quit.I mean,can you even imagine what would happenif, like, a tech bioggot their hands on that piece of shit?They'd tear it apart.I mean, it could actuallytotally destroy Nucleus' release.I bet Gavin would do, shit, anythingto prevent that from happening, right?Yeah, totally.Jesus, Richard,am I actually ahead of you on this?Take the phone, man.-It's yours. Take it.- Are you serious?Yeah, dude. Come on, I owe you.I mean,I was about to quit Hooli and move home.And thenGavin promoted me just to spite you.And now, he keeps promoting mefor some inexplicable reason.I mean, I haven't done anything, Richard.I mean, less than nothing.- Well, yeah.- But look at me now.We're sitting on my boat, Richard,and that's because of you.Soon, we can sail it to fucking Hawaiior Sausalito.Three more classes,and I get my boat license.Really? How many classes does it take?Three. It's three classes.I heard you can pay somebodyto take the test for you,but I just haven't got around to it yet.(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)GAVIN: Enough withyour coy bullshit, Richard, okay?I know you have my goddamn phone.What the fuck do I have to do to get it back?Well, I was thinkingthat in exchange for my help, you...I'm sorry, hold on.You can't use the term "in exchange."It implies causality.That's basically extortion.Any actions he takes must beun-coerced and of his own volition.Go.(CLEARS THROAT)Hello. It's me again.I was thinking that if you found your phone,you might be so happythat you would be inclined-to drop the lawsuit.- Why would I do that?Because if you found your phone,that would meanthat no tech bloggers or journalists did,and they couldn't write a scathing reviewbased on what was on it, as it sucks.Uh, who knows?It might even cause Hooli stock to crashor certain careers to be ruined.Richard, are you threatening me?Uh...Am I threatening you?That's a good question.Um...No.If you don't give me my fucking phone back,I'm gonna find you,bend you over your deskand fuck you so hard, your front teeth...(SHUSHING)Hold on.You can't threaten them,especially not sexually.This little shitcould cause major damage here.What am I allowed to say?Richard, it's me again.- Yes.Here 's my concern.If my phoneends up in the hands of a journalist,Palo Alto Chief of Police, Ed Gaskins,who, apropos of nothing, happensto be a close personal friend of mine,would have to go and ask this personwhere they got my phone.Keep in mind,these aren't real journalists, Richard.They're tech journalists.Do you think they'd go to prisonto protect their source?I don? either.And since this phone's OSis a stolen prototypeworth $40 to $60 million,you're looking at felony grand theft, Richard.You could go to jail for 40 years.Then again, you'd probably be finein a full-blown hard time penitentiary.I mean, after they waxed your rectumand knocked out all your front teethjust to make things easier.(SNICKERS)You know, Gavin, if you don't want my help,then I guess we'll just see what happens.All right, Richard. So, what do we do here?I don't know. What do we do here?Paul, are you there?- Ron?"Hey, buddySam and Melinda there, too?- They are. They say hi.- Hey, Ron.What up, kids?Let me hit you back in 10and we'll sidebar this.Binding arbitration? What's that?Well, it's like a trial,but massively accelerated.Next week,we're gonna go in front of a retired judgeand argue our whole lawsuit in just mo days,and then we're done.So, this will all be resolved next week?I've always wanted to goto binding arbitration.A weird thing to have always wanted to do.Everybody who's ever sued mehas settled out of court. Pussies.But now, finally, I'll be able to take the stand,be a part of the big show.No show.This is a serious legal proceeding, okay?And speaking to that,Ron LaFlamme has got us a new litigatorand we are meeting him in an hour.How are we gonna pay this person?Our guy has agreed to waive his entire feeuntil our case is resolved.It's some wet-behind-the-ears noobstraight out of law school.No, he is said to be very experienced,one of the best in the biz.Then why the fuckwould he take our case on spec?Was I in possession ofcocaine, amphetamines,amyl nitrate, also known as "peppers,"at the time of my arrest?In large quantities.Did I have consensual intercoursewith two women under the age of 18?Repeatedly. I admit this.Did I violate the Mann Act and transport themacross state lines for sexual purposes?Alleged, but not proven.And, boy, they tried. They tried.Therefore, I was incarceratedand I was disbarred.Wait, hold on. You were disbarred?So, you can't practice law'?Not in open court in the State of California.That's correct.But this is an arbitration.I'm really grateful for the opportunity.I'm turning my life around.I've served my time.Questions?I guess I have one at least.What does amyl nitrate do?- Oh, it dilates the anus.- That is accurate.Also produces euphoria.- Okay, thank you, Pete and Jared.- Sure.Anal dilation aside,what do you think of our case?You think we're gonna go in thereand just dick-slap those Hooli pieces of shit?I have reviewed your caseand it is extremely strong.Thank God.I do, every day of my life.It's only by his grace that I was ableto survive that plunge into the ravineand 11 months in a state penitentiary.I'm sorry, were you in an emotional ravineor did you actually go into a ravine?Both.Now, with your approval,I would like to move forward.I currently am not in possession of an office,and I'm residing in a halfway house,so I would like to give Hooli Legalyour home address.Why?They need to send overtheir discovery documents,all of them.All of them?This is craziness.Couldn't they have just emailed all this?I mean,it's mostly just printed-out emails, anyway.Yeah, of course, they could have.And it would have been digitally searchable,and that is the point.It's a classic document dump.But what they didn't take into accountis the power of us.So, grab a box, guys.Stan pulling anything you think is relevant.And you may have to work pretty hard,but it will free us from this lawsuit.- Are you saying, "Work will set you free"?- Yes.They have the manpower.We have the perseverance.Triumph of the will.He's the most cheerful personI've ever heard quote Hitler.So, Hooli's entire intellectual property claimboils down to three simple questions.Did your work on Pied Piperat any time overlapwith your scope of work or Hooli business?Uh, no.Did you ever do work on Pied Piperon Hooli time?No.And at no timedid you ever use Hooli equipmentto develop Pied Piper in any way?No, never.We're on our way, then. You just tell thathonestly to the court, and we're home free.Okay.Unless, of course, you've offereda conflicting version of that to anyone,a friend, your parents, girlfriend.No, no, and not possible.I haven't had a girlfriend in, like, three years.Boyfriend?No. I'm not gay, just busy.- We're not litigating your sexuality.- That's good, yeah.It's a good thing, too, because if we were,we'd all end up in prison.Am I right?No offense.Here, I did a first pass.Let me know what you think.Just a few questions for you to ask mewhile I'm on the stand.It's rough clay. We can shape it as we go.You realize I have no intention ofever putting you on the stand?What? Why not?Well, I just don't thinkyou have anything to offer the case.They're trying to saythat Pied Piper was created at Hooli,whereas I'm living proofthat it was created here in my incubator.I nurtured Richard like a little baby.I was his patron,like the Borgias with Da Vinci.Actually, the Medici were Da Vinci's patrons.The Borgias poisoned people.- Say "Medici" again.- Medici.- Shut the fuck up.- That's how you pronounce it.Let's be clear, okay? The burden of prooffalls on Hooli here. And they have none.You have a Barrett SKI-caliber rifleat your disposalthat you can use to shoot Gavin Belsonin the goddamn face.And you're not gonna use it?What kind of fucking attorney are you?Well, technically,I can't refer to myself as an attorneyuntil I'm reinstatedand make restitution to my victims' families.I'm a lawyer. And I'm a good one.And if you know one endof a Barrett 50-cal from the other,I'll eat a bowl of shit.Did you get a tastetor that on the inside? Mmm?Hey, guys,it's been almost two weekssince the mother condor has been to the nest.Do you thinksomething might be wrong with the egg?Something is. It's on our website.No, really. I mean...I think maybe I should call the museum,see if this is normal.Jared, you want that egg to be alive, right?- Of course.- Well' right now,because you don't know whether it is or not,it exists in both states,like Schrodinger's cat.Like what?It's a quantum mechanics thought experimentthat an Austrian physicist came up withto help understand quantum states.So, he imagined putting a cat into a boxwith poisoned food.There's a 50/50 chance the cat eats it.That does sound rather Austrian.DINESH: So, according to Schrodinger,if you open the boxand confirm that the cat is dead,then in a sense, you've killed the cat.Or if you call the museumand get the information,then you've killed the egg.- No, that's silly.-(LINE RINGING)ls it?Okay.I'm just gonna think about it for a minute.PETE; Richard.- Yeah?- We have a problem.What's up?You and I are going into arbitration tomorrow.I need you to look me right in the eyeand tell me why you've been lying to me.I haven! been lying to you.You told meyou haven't had a girlfriend for three years.I have found at least 15 emailsto Nelson Bighettiin the last yearwhere you reference a girlfriend."Spent the day in bed with my girlfriend.""A homeless guy in the coffee shopalmost stole my girlfriend."It's a joke. Big Head and I,we call my laptop my girlfriendbecause it's the only warm thingthat's touched my crotch in a little while.So, when you said, quote,"My girlfriend shit the bed last night,"that was your laptop?Laptop. yeah.Well, that's good to hear.Whoa, whoa, wait a minute.Wait a minute. Wait a minute.Now, listen to this.April 10th, 11:14 p.m.,"Taking my girlfriend to the Apple store."April 12th, 3:42 p.m.,"Picking my girlfriend up at the mall."Yeah, so?So, your laptop was in the shopfor three days, right?The 10th through the 12th, right?Yeah, and?April 11th, 2:48 p.m.,"Ran a test ofthe perceptual modeler during lunch,"made a few tweaks and wow,it's working on a whole new level."Yeah, that just means that it's going great,that it's working really well.PETE: Richard, Richard,you didn't have your laptop with you at Hooli.What computer did you useto run that test that day?Oh...Shit.Richard, you didn't use a Hooli computer?Tell methat you didn't use a Hooli fucking computer.I don't know. Yeah, yeah, okay.Yes, I think I did.Fuck, I mean,I just used it once, though, right?I mean, that's not a big deal.It's a huge deal. We're done. That's it.- What's it?- God damn it.Well, under the law'Hooli can lay claim to the underlyingintellectual propertythat makes up Pied Piper.So, we're fucked now, is that it?We're totally fucked?Well, I mean, it all depends onwhether or not the attorneys at Hoolifigure out that your girlfriend is your laptop.Are you telling us this entire casehinges on people believingthat Richard had a girlfriend?We are fucked.All right, this is gonna be a long two days,so let's try to keep things brief.Your Honor,I think I can help speed things along.We are willing to concedeto all the numerous countsbrought by Mr. Belson,except the ones regarding the ownershipof intellectual property.Is that right?On the non-solicit violation,my client is willing to concedethat Donald Dunn was improperly hired.And on the unjust enrichment charge,Richard will agree to repay Hooli$39 and 99 centsfor the phone charger that he took home,and so on.Thank you, Mr. Monahan,for accelerating the process.Okay, let's start this. Plaintiff?PETE: Okay, Richard, here it goes.They call you first, we're toast.I think I'm gonna puke.Your Honor,we'd like to call our first witness.We would like to call Nelson Bighetti,AKA Big Head.(RICHARD SIGHS IN RELIEF)Wait, are you sure?'Cause it says "No Admittance"...Okay. Yeah, you were right. It's this one.Is that me?I'm sorry, Richard.Firstly, sir, lei me say it is a privilegeto be speaking to someoneas accomplished as you.Okay.You were one of the earliest membersof the Pied Piper team, were you not?And since your departure,your rise has been meteoric.Haven't you receivedthree Hooli promotions in a month?Uh, yeah. Yeah, I guess that is right.It seems like everything you touchis made dramatically better, Mr. Bighetti.You make a meaningfuland crucial contributionto everything you do, do you not?Wait. I'm sorry. Do I not?Are you asking if I do do thator if I don't do that?This is amazing. They have nothing.It's a desperate play.They're trying to build him up,make it seem likehe was a crucial part of Pied Piper.It's a Hail Mary. They have nothing.Because if I don't not do that,isn't that the same as...- Let's move on.-Okay.Is it not true that Wired...I'll rephrase.Did Wired magazine run a cover story on you'?Yes or no?Oh, yes.That did happen, yes.JARED: I think I just made a mistake.That was the museum.I decided to call and check on the condor,and they said that it's very unlikelythat the condor egg is still alive.But my phone call itselfdrew their attentionto the low viewing numbersand they've decidedto take down the cameras today.So, by making the phone call,you've most likely killed the condor egg.Oh, come on, I mean,that Schrodinger stuffs all just theoretical.- It doesn't apply here.- DINESH: Doesn't it?I mean, look at Richard.He didn't knowthat he had tested on a Hooli computeruntil Monahanopened that box of emails, right?So, Richard was both innocent and guilty,but as soon as Monahan opened that box,it made Richard guilty.But, I mean, by that logic,anyone who goes to an open-casket funeralis a murderer.You are one dark motherfucker, Jared.WOMAN: So, Mr. Bighetti, you have statedthat you didn't haveanything to do with Pied Piper.No.I suppose you'd also say that you hadnothing to do with Hooli XYZ either.No, not really.And what aboutthe Hooli AIDS and Cancer Societies,of which you were president?Did you have anything to do with those?Honestly, not really. I actually rememberwhen they told me I got the AIDS thing,for just a secondI thought they were telling me that I had AIDS.But then I realized, no,I was just the president of the AIDS thingy.- But for a second, it was pretty scary there.-(CHUCKLING)You see, Your Honor, Nelson Bighettiis pathologically modest.While he humbly denies credit,the record showsthat he had everythingto do with all of these achievements.It may be possiblethat Nelson actually believeshe didn't have that muchto do with the founding of Pied Piper either.'Cause...But it is painfully obviousthat he had a huge hand in it.No further questions, Your Honor.JUDGE: May I say, Mr. Bighetti,how refreshing it is to finallyencounter someone in the tech communitywho is so free of pretension and ego?PETE: Well, that was troubling.ERLICH: Yeah, what was that?It's just thathe scored big points with the judge in there.So, what's our plan? Do we go in thereand cross the shit out of him?Tear him a new hole in his butt?Let's just remind ourselves herethat he gave me the phoneand made this whole thing possible.So, let's take it easy on him.Yeah, I don't think shredding himis the right way to go either.- Thank you.- It could backfire, turn the judge against us.I have something else in mind.Mr. Bachman,are you still prepared to testify?Fuck yes, lam.- Mr. Bachman.- Yes, sir?You are the owner and sole proprietorof the Palo Alto-based Hacker Hostelin which Mr. Hendricksand Mr. Bighetti both resided. ls that correct?Yes, sir. That is, in fact, correct.Uh, it has been calledthe "Garden of Tech Eden."ls it also fair to saythat every instinct you have as a businessmanhas been completely and totally wrong?- Sorry, what?- You hard of hearing, Mr. Bachman?- No, I've heard everything...- Aren't you considered a joke in this town?I don't quite knowwhere you're going with this.Nor do I. Can you tell uswhere you're headed here, Mr. Monahan?Your Honor, if you are to acceptHooli's reverence for Mr. Bighettias proof that he's a genius,then you must also acceptMr. Bachman's reverence for Mr. Bighettias proof that he's a moron.I'm simply establishing this type of logic,Your Honor, cuts both ways.I see. I'll allow it.Really? Because I don't think "joke“ is...Mr. Bachman, you have incubateda seemingly endless stringof patently unsuccessful apps, haven't you?No. No, that is not correct.I incubated Pied Piper. I saw the value in that.Oh, did you'? Isn't it truethat you were about to evict Mr. Hendricksuntil he became the subject of a bidding war?You disliked Pied Piper.The one app in your hostelthat showed promise.Well, I think that's a bit harsh. I mean, every...In fact, you tried to encourage Mr. Hendricksto change his app to be more likeMr. Bighetti's horrendous appcalled NipAlert. Isn't that true?Well, yes,I thought NipAlert showed great promise. Yes.It did not show great promise.What it showed was the locationof nearby women possessing erect nipples.And as such,Mr. Bighetti's grotesque creationwas passed over by every investorin this town except youbecause it was perverted.Well, I'll admit that...I'll concede that the cultural momentmay have passed, but at the time...No' at the time'it was as misogynistic as it is now,wasn't it, Mr. Bachman?-It... Yes, it had some major problems...- Some major problems?Mr. Bachman, a few moments ago,you said that it showed great promise.You said that. I can have the court reporterread it back to you, Mr. Bachman.I don't need her to read it back to me.I can remember...NipAlert was poorly conceivedand riddled with bugs, wasn't it?Well, all apps in the beginning...Mr. Bachman, answer the question.You liked NipAlert, and it was terrible.- No, I...- Didn't you?- Liking an app...- Mr. Bachman, you liked it, didn't you?Okay, yes, yes! Fine! Yes, I liked it.Even though it was a terrible appand it had no market potential.I was high when he pitched itand I like nipples...PETE: Thank you, Mr. Bachman.It was a buggy,rapey piece of shit designed by an idiot.- Mr. Bachman, thank you very much.- ERLICH: It sucked.It was so bad that the first timethat Richard tried to boot it up on his system,it crashed his laptop.It was in the shop for three days.'Cause it was a piece of shit!- Um... Uh...-(CLEARS THROAT)That...I mean, among other things that weren't thatwere reasons why it was bad.No more questions, Your Honor.What the fuck is going on here?ERLICH: I don't know what happened.He got in my head.It's a very uncharacteristic error.They're calling you next, Richard.They want you on the stand in 10 minutes.Great. So, they figured it out.We're fucked, aren't we?It looks that way.Damn it, they're gonnaask me if I ran a test of Pied Piperon a Hooli computer,and I'm gonna have to say yes.What if you said no?What are you talking about?Are you saying I should lie on the stand,or something?(CLEARS THROAT) Gentlemen,the less I know about this, the better.Well, then it appears we're in good hands,because you don't seem to know shit.You're a mean and terrible attorney.I'm not an attorney.Richard, all they knowis that you didn't have your laptopwhen you ran that test,so just tell them that you borrowed my laptopor you came home for lunchand used my computer.Whatever you say, I'll get back on the standand then back you up.That would be committing perjury.That would be lying under oath.If you don't lie, Richard, you lose.We lose everything.The company,90% of what could potentially bea billion dollars...I mean, you know, because I have 10%.I know. God damn it, I know.Richard, do the right thing here.Lie on the stand.Mr. Hendricks, you are heterosexual, yes?Uh”. Yes.How long has it beensince you were in a relationshipwith a woman, Mr. Hendricks?Two years? Three?Yeah, that sounds about right, I guess.You're under oath.Uh... (CLEARS THROAT)Longer.So, you've definitely had no girlfriendin the past three years?This seems needlessly cruel. We all get it.Mr. Hendricks, when you refer to a girlfriendin these emails to Mr. Bighetti,to what are you referring?My laptop computer.The same laptopthat Mr. Bachman just told uswas in the shop for three daysfrom April 10th to the 12th of last year?Yes. Can we get to the point, please?Mr. Hendricks, did you at any timeuse a Hooli computer to test and/or alteryour Pied Piper algorithm?(SMACKS LIPS)You're under oath.L just...I just wanted to be different.I wanted Pied Piper to be different.But if this company is built on lies,then we're reallynot much different than Hooli.The law says that I lose everything,my whole company,everything that I worked for,because I used one Hooli computer (SIGHS)to test and modify one block.Is that right? I mean, is that fair?To me, if the system says that's fair,then I guessI'm probably not meant to be a part of it.Mr. Hendricks, please answer the question.Did you at any time use a Hooli computer...Yes. Yeah, I did. I made a mistake and I did.I used a Hooli computerto work on my algorithm, one time.And so, here you go.It's okay, Richard.You don't have to protect me anymore.I'm his girlfriend.Sit down, Mr. Bachman.Judge, objection!I was the onethat was in the shop for those three days'cause he had hit it so hard,I needed a doctor.JUDGE: Sit down, Mr. Bachman.DINESH: Hey, has anyoneheard from Richard?Should I text himto see how the arbitration's going?Uh...You can.But right now, it's going both well and poorly.And if you getdefinitive information back and it's bad,I could argue that you haveeffectively caused us to lose the arbitration.Oh. He's taking it down.MAN: All right, I am unclipped.If you're watching, I'm sorry.Fm gonna go ahead and leave {his egg here.This camera does need to come down.That's good. He's leaving the egg.The bolts are all rusted out here. (GRUNTS)GILFOYLE: You should have nevercalled that museum, Jared.They're on there pretty good.(GRUNTS)(SCREAMING)(GRUNTS)Holy shit.Jared, you just killed that guy.I just got a text from Richard.I'm not gonna read it.