No, I'll get my car tomorrow.I had too many.Got an Uber coming. Thank you.That was fast.Hello. For Jim?Yep.Oh, would you... wouldyou care for a water?Why are your fingers orange?It's... It's iodine.I've been... biting my nails,so I put this on there tostop me from doing it.Looks like Cheetos, tastes like asshole.So, what do you do?Venture capital over at Wood Opal.Wow.Wow. Good.Mm-hmm.Uh, can I take this?- Sure.- All right.Hello, hi!My goodness, this video chat appis light-years ahead of anythingelse out there on the market.I agree.Yes, and you can addmultiple concurrent userswith no loss in picture quality,even on conventional 3G.Let's see what happenswhen we add more friends.Hi, friend. What's up?Hello, friend.Hey, should weadd another friend?Yeah, we should.How many friends can weconference at the same time?Well, thanks to theamazing new TURN server,as many as you like.What if someone is in an areawith poor cellular reception?I doubt it would even work.And if it did, the lag, the video quality...that would be horrible.Well, let's find out.Could you keep your eyeson the road, please?Yeah, got it. I'm on it.Hey, friends.Wow! Look at that. Theimage is so clear.We all look amazing, don't we?- Yeah, we really do.- Yes.Is that really just on a cell signal?Uh, yes.This is the amazing newcompany PiperChat.Wait a minute.I saw you at TechCrunch.You're Richard Hendricks.- The very same. Yeah.- You're the fucking guythat tried to walk into Coleman Blairwith fraudulent numbers.- No!- Uh-oh.- That was my fault.- Yes, but no.I mean, that... that's the old thing.This is the new thing,and I can assure you,it's very, very real.You're not even my driver. Thissays Sandeep in an Escalade.- Ah, shit.- Look, look.No one will even talkto us, which is crazy.We just surpassed 120,000daily active usersand we're growing at a rate of 18percent, organically, week over week.Richard, that's Facebook-level growth.- Pull over now.- That is great!Richard, Richard,do not pull over.You will never see himagain if he gets out.I am not involved!Richard, can you hear me?Okay, for real, Richard.You have to pull over.- Richard, do not... do not pull over.- You'll never see him again.- Hey, are you on the shitter?- Pull the fuck over.- Richard!- Okay.What the fuck? Are you seriouslytrying to kidnap me right now?No. It's the locks. I... I don't know.It's not my car.Child locks are on.I was babysitting my friendGloria's great-granddaughter.It's on the left.- Got it. Look, look, look.- God damn it!Come on. Listen to me.We are desperate. We need funding.- You need funding?- Yes.Hit a million daily active userswhile sustaining thesame kind of growth,then everybody in town willbe trying to kidnap you.Problem solved.Yeah, easy for you to say.Can you imagine how muchthese servers are costing mejust to keep this ship afloat?Right, and every new userincreases our server cost.Really? I'm sorry.Is it hard to become a billionaire?Welcome to the Valley, assholes.Fuck.- What a dick.- Well, assuming we don't get arrested,looks like we have to work our asses offto reduce our hosting bill.- Hi.- Hi.If you actually getto a million users...call me. My cell's on the back.Oh, okay.Did you finish?Yeah, I just pushed my code.Took me two fucking days,but I broke up our entire codebase into parallel services.You know, this whole jobwould've been a lot easierif you hadn't designed sloppyservices in the first place.Oh, silly me.I guess when I hacked togetherthe video chat as an in-house tool,I didn't foresee that hundredsof thousands of peoplewould shit themselves overhow fucking awesome it was.I'll never underestimatemy talents again.Don't worry. I'll continueto do it for you.Less talk, more work, boys.I'm not paying you to coffee klatschlike a bunch of fucking yentas.You're not paying us at all.I'm not paying you becauseyou're not the onegetting fucked face-firstby your credit card companybecause of massive AWS hosting fees.Well, you should bear 100percent of the company's cost,seeing as you do own 100percent of the company.What's taking you so long togive us our fucking shares?Recapping a company is complex.But I assure you, Big Headand I are on the case.You better be. We're notgonna work for free forever.Hey, the Karachi Kid and I finished.Did you push your code?Uh...actually, no.Well, Your Highness, couldyou please push your code?Well, I couldn't push that code,because I didn't write that code.What? We stayed up for two fucking days.Why didn't you write your code?Well, because I was workingon something much better.So, I started to optimize ourcode to handle higher tr...You're supposed to follow me.Oh.I, uh, I started to optimize our codeto handle higher traffic.Then it occurred to me,why rewrite our old codewhen I can build a new encoderthat doesn't strip away a tonof channels and metadata.So, I extended my compression algorithmto support... get this... 12-bit color.Okay, so our users willbe able to experiencea 10 percent increase in image qualitywith absolutely no increasein server load whatsoever.Just-Just-Just... Just watch this.Before.After.Before.After.Richard, I'm trying very hardnot to completely losemy shit right now.I get it. I get it.After every VC in town turned us down,we decided that thebest way to stay aliveuntil we got to a million userswas to cut server usage.Remember that?The whole reason that Gilfoyle and Istayed up for 48 fucking straight hourswas to decrease server load,not keep it the same.Technically, the reason whywe stayed up for two dayswas to maximize our abilityto get a million users,and I just did that.Because who doesn't want 10percent better image quality?Who doesn't want it? Everyone.Everyone doesn't want it!We already havethe best video chat.People are using thison their cellphones.They're not gonna be able totell the fucking difference.Guys, this is a better product,and I'm the CEO, and I'm gonnasay this is where we go.- You fucking prick.- Whoa.Guys... please be civil.- You hate the video chat.- I don't hate the video chat, Dinesh.You've always hated the videochat, because it's my thing,and you wanna rewrite itto make it all about you.You're fucking jealous.Jealous? Jealous?You built the video chat,I'll give you that. Okay.You did, but you didit using my algorithm.Right, like when Picassopainted a masterpiece,the guy who made thebrushes and the paintdeserved all the credit, right?So you're Picasso now?I think I need to... leave,but I love you guys.Dinesh, I'm sorry,but I think we should bedoing a little bit morewith this revolutionarycompression algorithmthan passable video chat.But we already did more, Richard.It was called "the platform."And it was exactly whatyou wanted to make,and it fucking failed, okay?I'm sorry, but it's bad enoughthat we can't get anyfunding because of you.You're killing us out there.Don't also sabotage us in here, too.Pied Piper is a video chat company.Get your head around that.I'm quite certain I'venever said this before.I agree with Dinesh.Well.Oh. Well, that was justa whole heap of fun.Ordinarily, I loathe coming to China,but when you close a deal like that,it makes the whole trip a delight.Champagne, gentlemen?I think that's very much in order.I know you don't toot your own horn,so I'll do it for you.Here to you, Jack,and to your Hooli/Endframe boxbecoming the most successfulAmerican data storage applianceto ever be manufactured in China.Toot, toot.Watch your back, JeffBezos, here comes Hooli.All right, gentlemen... our flight todayfrom Shanghai to MoffettField in Mountain Viewwill be just over 11hours, so if you'll just...Oh, actually, I was headed up toJackson Hole, see the wife and kids.I... I was gonna charter up tomorrow,but maybe you could ask the boysjust to drop me off on the way?Save me the trouble?Of course.Well, and I mean, it'sreally not a big deal,but since we are headed east,I think Jackson is further.Maybe we'll head to Moffett first,then have the guys hopyou onto Jackson, okay?Well... Well, actually,on flights like this,the boys like to go over the Pole,so that, technically, is alittle more north to south,and Jackson is quitea bit further north.So I think, maybe, justgo to Jackson first,then head on off to Moffett.That sound good?- Of course.- Great.I'm gonna get a pillow.You know what we desperatelyneed is a palapa.A ploppa?A palapa.It's a Mexican structurewith palm fronds.It's essentially a gazebo,but spicier and with a south-of-the-border kind of vibe.I think it would makeus feel less exposed.And generally, I think itwould be good for morale.Speaking of which, morale hasnot exactly been skyrocketing.So, we need to get this captable done tout de suite.Richard and the fellowsare entitled to 40percent of the company.Now, if we each give 20 percent,we would still own 30 percent each.That seems fair.Seems totally fair to me.Dad?Nope. Not gonna happen.Mr. Bighetti, with all due respect, I...If you had any respect,you wouldn't have talked myson into wasting his money...again.My son's not giving up one share.Not now, not ever.Mr. Bighetti, if you're going tocontrol your son's board seat,these decisions have to be unanimous.You're going to kill this comp...I don't care.In my eyes, the companyis already dead.Killed by you.That's my edge.If all I accomplish by doing thisis making you as miserableas you've made mewatching you fleece my son,then I'm okay with that.He seems okay with that.So you expect me to give the 40 percentto the gents from my 50 percent,effectively leaving me with 10 percent?Yes.No. No, no, no.Then I would've invested 500thou... a half of a million dollarsjust to end up where I started?Unacceptable.I can accept that.I'm going to bed.Good night, Brown Bear.Love you, Papa Bear.Goddamn motherfucker.I mean, the guys are right.I'm fucking up the company.I'm not helping in any way.You're certainly not helpingyour cuticles by biting on them.Your nail beds are gonna get infected.Where'd you learn howto do this, anyway?When I was on the street,it was a means of survival.I don't know, it's just that...I mean, I almost killed us,the company, and that is so selfish.I mean, if we have toget a million users,I need to get us funding, right now.How? We've already been turned downby every respectable VC in town.Who said anything about... respectable?Oh, Richard, no.Fuck yes, I want to talk business.What's the play?Let's fuck this thingright in the pussy.Thanks for meeting me here.My fucking nanny got another DUIand lost her license, andI'm stuck picking upmy own kid like an asshole.So what's up?Uhh...Well, I know you wanted to buyErlich's Pied Piper sharesback in the previousiteration, the platform.Well, I was hoping you would wantto come on as a follow-on investor- for the current platform.- The video chat?Yeah. It's got a great tech.We're growing like crazy.In fact, that's why we needfunding, to keep up with the users,and I think it could be really goodif we could just keep it going.No, you don't.What?You don't like it.You don't believe in thisproduct you're selling.Russ, no, that's...It's a good, sound business.As I said, the tech is greatand all the guys are really behind it.But you're not behind it, Richard.I can tell, and as much asyou want to be, you're not.It's like this.You're trying to date a woman,- but deep down in your heart you know you're gay.- Uhh...Deep in your soul, you know youwould rather be plowing a dude!I don't... I do... Okay, what dude?It could be any dude, as longas you really want to fuck him.It could be a... a twink, a bear,an otter, a circuit queen,a chub, a pup, a gipster,a daddy chaser, a leather man,a ladyboy, a Donald Duck.Donald Duck's a gay guy who's been kicked out of the Navy.H-How do you know so many gay things?My grandfather just came out of thecloset. Beautiful. Very inspiring.But the point is, if you'regonna spend all day fucking,shouldn't Pied Piper bea dude you wanna fuck?All right. Let's do an exercise.You've got unlimited time and resources,you can build anything in the worldyou want with your compression,anything at all, what's it gonna be?Three, two, one, go. Go, go, go.- You said I have unlimited time?- Now. Now, now!A new Internet.What? Why?Okay. Well, I haven't reallythought this through, so...Okay.- I own a telescope...- Of course you do.and I brought it out onenight to look at the full moon.- Of course you did.- And I got to thinking..."Wow, we put a man on the moonusing the computing powerof a handheld calculator."And then I thought, "Okay..."there's literally millions of times"more computing power in my phoneand that's just sitting in mypocket doing nothing." Right?So then I thought, there's,what, billions of phonesall around the world withthe same computing powerjust sitting in people's pockets.So then I thought, "Whatif we use all those phonesto build a massive network?"And here's the kicker... Weuse my compression algorithmto make everything small and efficientto move things around, and...if we could do it...we could build a completelydecentralized versionof our current Internet,with no firewalls,no tolls, no government regulation,no spying. Information...would be totally free inevery sense of the word.You wanna build a new Internet?- Yeah, it's...- Richard, I like it.That I would fund.Well, I-I... I don't knowif it's possible, and...Look, if this new Internetis the man of your dreamsand this is the man that you wanna fuck,then you need to fuck him.That man I will pay you to fuck.Where the fuck is that kid?Wait a minute.Aw, shit.They kicked us out of this place.I'm at the wrong fucking school.Richard, you find thatman, fuck him good.Careful please. He's gonna peel out.Monica, I need to...Oh. You're not...Monica? No. Thank God. I'm Ed Chen.Laurie put me in the good officeand moved Monica down the hall.Way down the hall.Okay. Sorry.You're gonna listen to Russ Hanneman?Richard, you sound like a crazy person.I know, but... but Russ is right.I mean, I hate the video chat.I really do.- Oh...- What?Oh, wow, you can see right into the...Yeah, I'm very aware.Laurie is punishing mefor taking your sideand going against her, soshe moved me down hereand gave my office to that littlebrownnosing shit, Ed Chen.Anyway, Richard, you're notgonna seriously go homeand tell the guys in your companythat even though your userrates are skyrocketingthat you wanna pivot.For the past 48 hours,I've been trying to rewritethe core video chat code,and I literally can't.Instead of typing, I justbite my fingernails.I think, subconsciously,I would rather bite my own fingersoff than work on this platform.Richard, I know people who have spenttheir entire careerschasing after an appwith this kind of growthrate and never hit it.It's a really good product.That may be, but it's not for me.And look, I know theseguys are my friends,but they're also my employees,and it's my company.So... if I say we haveto pivot, we pivot.Okay. I-I... I have to go.All right. Well, if you're sure, thentell them and then call me and tell...What? No, I... I have to go.There's another men'sroom on the fourth floor.Right. 'Cause then you would'veseen mine twice.I mean, we're all thinking it, right?Richard is fucking with aproduct that is working.He should not be theCEO of this company.I understand your concerns,but is this the timethat we fire Richard?Is this the momentthat I become the CEO?You? Why you?It's a simple process of elimination.Gilfoyle, as an anarchistwould never accept aposition of authority- in any official organization.- None.And you, of course, areout of the picture,because Gilfoyle would never allow it.Yeah, that's true.And Jared, he'd soonercommit hara-kiri than...replace little baby Richard.So that leaves me.And honestly, gents, whowould you rather havedefending your four percentstake in the company...- Five.- What?- Five percent.- You said four. Was it...You said three, and then you had...- No, it's five.- Five.You know what? I'm gonna back channel,look at some notes, and we'll get to it.In the meantime, if and when...we are to depose Richard,I am his obvious heir.Erlich, no offense,but the board is you,Richard, and my dad, right?So, I think that means you and my dadwould have to agree onwho replaces Richard,and pretty sure my dad would,like, never approve you.- It's just not gonna happen.- Thank you.- Yeah.- There is someone else.Someone who has zerostrikes against him.Someone who has heldhigh-level positionsat one of the biggest techcompanies in the Valley.Someone who's been on the coverof one of the most prestigioustech publications in the world.He sounds awesome.Could we get him?And as of now, we've got the votes...of enough key Malaysian ministersto proceed with construction,but that support is time-critical.Carol's right. We'd have to breakground before monsoon seasonor else the entireproject could collapse.So, what do you think?Sorry. About what?About the factory.Ah. The factory.The factory.Excuse me for a moment.- So, what have you got?- Well, sir, I did as you asked.I flew the company plane to Shanghai,then Moffett, then Jackson Hole.Then I flew back to Shanghai,then to Jackson Hole,then to Moffett, whichis where I just landed.- And?- Moffett is 28.3 minutes closer.I fucking knew it!Barker should've droppedyou off first, sir.Wait. What about headwindsor storm activity?I don't want to give him anyroom to wriggle out of this.Here's what I'm gonna need you to do.Fly each leg five moretimes and average them.It's the only way to be sure.And we're not concerned with the expenseof 20 more privatetranscontinental flights?Of course we are.Jack Barker is costing the shareholdersof this company a fortune,and he must be stopped.I'll go back to Moffett right now.Good. Call me each timeyou're in Shanghai.- I'll see you in a week.- Yes, sir.Guys?Shit, he came in the back.Richard, we need to talk.Well, actually, let me justsay something first here.I don't think Pied Piper shouldbe a video chat company.The balls on you.Richard, we've all decidedyou are out. Big Head is in.Not my call.Richard, we just can'tkeep fucking pivoting.- We won't do it again.- Just wait for a second, okay?Just... You're not getting it. Please.Uh, I'm quitting.Wait. What?Richard, I was waiting out front!They want to ambush you andreplace you with Big Head,but I had nothing to do with it.Again, not my call.I was ready to fight you guys,but then, on the wayhome, it occurred to methere might be a better way.I'm going to start my own company.I will give up all of myequity in the video chatif I get to completely own my algorithm.I will grant you guysa perpetual licenseto use the algorithm in your video chat,but I need the algorithmto build something else.And look, forget a million users,with me out of the company,you guys would be able toraise money, no problem.And that way, everybody wins.So we can use the algorithm,free and clear, for video chat?Yes.I mean, we... we shouldn'teven be talking about this.And you would leavebehind your 25 percent,thus giving me enough equityto compensate the boys fairlyand Big Head's father wouldretain his 50 percent?I think that's right. Yes.And I would own 10 percentof your new company.Wait. What? Why?The algorithm was developedhere in the Incubator.Richard, shame on you.Well, dealbreaker. Let's...Should we get some food?No, no. That's okay. It's fine.And I'm here for advice,or advice for the newCEO, whoever that may be.To wit, uh...I know it's probably not myplace to give this suggestion,but I think it should be Dinesh.- What?- What?- What?- What?- Yeah. Sorry, Big Head.- What?Yeah. Dinesh, you were theone that hacked togetherthe video chat in the first place.You know the product inside and out.You are the horse that I would bet on.You really think so?I do.I'm down. Gilfoyle?Gilfoyle, can I pleasebe CEO of Pied Piper?Spoken like a true leader.But since your failure as aleader is a virtual certainty,tolerating your short reign as CEOin exchange for a front-row seatto the disaster seems fair.Plus, if I'm wrong, which I'm not...I get rich. So I'm down with it, Dinesh.Jared, what do you think about this?I think this is crazy.I left my job at Hooli to... tocome work with you, Richard.And... and now you're leaving?Look, these guys,they're gonna need you,so if you want to supportme, you support them.Think you can do that?I've always been very adeptat taking the shape of whatevershoe was pressed down upon me,so I can try to make it work.Then it's settled.Dinesh is the new CEO of Pied Piper.Oh. Actually, just one last thing.I think you guys shouldcall yourselves PiperChat.I'm gonna have to insist that I keep thename Pied Piper, and I won't budge on that.- Yeah, it's totally fine.- Okay, yeah. Who gives a shit?- That's fine.- Terrible fucking name.Let's get to work.Congratulations.So, wait. I don't have to be CEO, right?Dinesh is going to do that?All right. Let's figureout how this gets split up.Let's see.And, um... yeah.Jared...go.Go on, man.Get out of here.Dinesh, you'll get five percent.Gilfoyle, five percent.- Jared, five percent.- Yeah. Okay,so we all get five, not four.Now you said... you said four?No, five. I said five.Jared, can we get five more engineers?That's... That wouldcome out of Jared's percentage.No.You wanted to see me, Skipper?I did indeed.Jack, I appreciateeverything you've donein your position as headof the Hooli/Endframe box,but I think the company'sneeds are better suitedif I move you elsewhere.Really?Well, I appreciate thevote of confidence, GB.I'm flattered.Frankly, little bit surprised.Why would you be surprised?Can you think of any reasonwhy you don't deserve a promotion?I mean, anything at all? Well...I don't want to hurt my armpatting myself on the back,but... right off the top of my head...No, I guess not.I mean, you've always beenstraight with me, right?Straight to the point.I sure have.And you've always gone outof your way for me, yes?Always put me first?Gone the extra mile?Gosh... I sure tried.Did you?All right, Jack.Professor. Gary in HR will set you up.Enjoy your new offices.Thank you, sir.Oh, hey. Would youlike to see your desk?Okay.Here it is.This is your desk.