What if we hack our codeonto the Hoolicon app.I mean, that's malware, Richard.Think of it more as forcedadoption through aggressiveguerrilla marketing.As a product of forcedadoption I can assure youthere are consequences.You're not seriouslythinking of going to Tibet?Just give whateveryou're comfortable with.I'll pay for it, whatever your costs.Jesus.Kandu in the house.Are you fucking kidding me?If there's an upside to any of this,I realize now what I have in Dan.Richard. Liz just told me.The deal's approved.Good.We have moved all ofMelcher's data onto a networkof mobile devices. We did it.Are you guys ready to see the future?Prepare to be amazed.You don't think this hadanything to do with us, do you?Oh fuck!Oh! You only make that facewhen your dick is on fire.So, you're certain?Definitively.The 36 HooliPhonesthat blew up at Hooliconand the 17 that blew up around the USall had our code on them.Richard, these are real peoplewith real crotches, and they're burning.We have to tell someone.This was our fault.No. No, no. Keenan's demo wasbuilt to run on a $10,000 rig.Jack ported it to a phone in four days.They wrote sloppy code that's pingingthe antenna constantly,looking for the goggles.That had to have caused the phone'santenna to draw too much power...Which would overheat the subpar battery.And when we pinged ournetwork on top of all that...- Dick fire.- Richard,what happened to beingHonest Abe from now on?We committed a crime here.- Barely, Jared.- The fact that we hacked those phonesworks in our favor. Allof our code is hidden.Agreed. And when Hooli launches anew software update to fix the phones,our network will still befunctional, Melcher will be happy,Monica will fund us, and noone will ever know what we did.- I'll know!- Yes! I'll know too, but I'm okay with it.I'm sorry.What the fuck is this?I write three lettersevery time I start a job...a personal action plan,a letter to my 40-year-old self,and that, a resignation letter.Uh, I'll be moving mythings back into my condo.- What about your squatter?- Oh, he's been out for months.He left to go sell cocaine atthe Keystone Pipeline protests.I've just been staying inthe garage out of solidarity.You can't leave.- Don't beg, Richard.- I'm not.According to the employee handbook,which you wrote, anemployee cannot leavewithout giving two weeks' notice.You... you read the handbook?- Yeah, I did.- All right, fine.I'll fulfill my duties under protest,but I will not do anything illegalnor unethical, and I will not lie.I already have upwards of 50burnt perinea on my conscience.Richard, that's enough.Consider that my two weeks' notice.All right. Keep an eye on HooliNews,and let me know when Jackannounces the HooliPhone update.What do you mean you're notissuing a software update?Who can say why the phoneGavin Belson brought to marketstarted exploding when we put KeenanFeldspar's technology on it? Huh?Is it Gavin's fault? Is it Keenan'sfault? Is it 50-50? Who knows?We need to change the narrative here.Has anyone flown commercial recently?Nor have I, but apparently they'restill making the announcementsat the gate about SamsungGalaxy Note 7 being banned.We can't have people believingthat our phones blow up airplanes,no matter how much Gavin and/orKeenan may have wanted it.It's lethal PR.We need to get ahead of this one,which is why I am going to pullevery last affectedHooliPhone out of circulationand replace it in the next three days.That's over nine million devices.Gavin Belson had to move heavenand earth to get our China plantsup to a capacity of two million per day,and his negotiations withlabor were extremely delicate.Well, China has nevernegotiated with Jack Barker.What you're proposingis staggeringly expensiveand borderline impossible.We won't approve it.I see. Uh...Slight hitch. I may haveinstructed my comms teamto issue a press releaseannouncing the recall...and it should be going out at...- Yeah, it's out.- Jack.I'll tell you what: Let'sjust gas up that HooliJet,and I am going to goahead and go to China!So, every fuckingHooliPhone that we're onis being pulled outof service and replacedwith a new one thatdoesn't have our code on it.Half of our storage capacity just gone.Where the fuck are we gonnaput all of Melcher's data?Wait. We have a serverfarm in the garage, right?Now, don't you think ifAnton could've saved our ass,I would've suggested it by now?- Why can't it work?- What are you, fucking stupid?In order to hold that much data,we would have to goRAID zero, no backup,so if we lose even one platter,we lose Melcher's data... permanently.Plus, in Anton's present condition,I'm afraid he might totally melt down.- We have to call Melcher.- No, we are not calling Melcher.If we tell him about any ofthis, that would be suicide.Look, if we're gonnadie, let's just die.Why do we have to take Anton with us?Jesus, man. You know thatthing's not alive, right?- Fuck your dumb machine.- Wait. Do you?Do you actually fuck your dumb machine?- Is that the secret on your phone?- Fuck you.- Fuck you! Do you raw-dog it?- Guys. Guys. Guys!Or do you put a condom on yourtiny penis and fuck it in safe mode?Just fuck each other and get itover with. "Oh, Anton, fuck me!"I will fuck both of you...- Gentlemen! This is Gladys.- Gilfoyle: Fuck you.She's interviewing to be my replacement.Hello.I like your sweater.Maybe let's talk outside.- Great.- It's just right through here.Gilfoyle, Anton isgoing to be fine, okay?Just spin him up. Please?All right, buddy.Let's see what you're made of.Outstanding.I'm sorry that you had towitness that scene in there.It probably gave you the impressionthat the company is in disarray,but I can assure you, there's avery simple explanation for that.- It... it is.- Sorry?Yeah, even setting asideour CEO's sexual distortion,adultery, and lowbrowscatlogical vandalism,we're still essentiallya... a criminal operationwhose only real productis dangerous malware.I see you're fluent in Japanese.Are... are you gonna becomfortable with casual racism?I'm sorry. What happened here?Uh, arson.- Hsst! Gavin.- What?That wasn't really breakfast, was it?Yeah.- Seriously?- Shh!What are you doing?Well, I'm watching anepisode of House.Put that fucking thing away.Are you afraid it's gonna blow up?'Cause it won't. It's not a HooliPhone.Why would a HooliPhone blow up?Hey! We're done with the migrating!How's it going in here?Don't touch the fucking lights.One surge and we're dead.- What the fuck?- What?Oh, the eyes. They're contacts.Okay, how we looking?Jesus Christ!I broke my glasses. Idon't have an extra pair,so I had to pull these out of a drawer.I had 'em made for All Hallows' Eve.I was a cat.How are we looking? Did it all fit?Yes, but Anton is overheating already.We're about to frythree of our platters.I said this was a bad idea.Fuck. What are we gonna do?Excuse me. Just FYI,Gladys turned us down.Oh, hey, Richard, long time, no talk.Yeah, we've all been busy, so.- Oh yeah?- Yeah. Hey, listen, Big Head,do you think I couldget your Stanford loginso I can access thefaculty server array?Oh jeez. Uh, I don'tthink I can do that, man.Sure you can, man. Justclick on "Forgot password."No, um, it-it... it's just,um, I'm kinda on super-thin icewith the head of theCS department right now.After Erlich's whole SeeFood thing,Standford started lookinginto my academic background,realized that I don't really have one,and now I'm on probation,and they've got this realteacher sitting in, watching me.That is... that is abummer. But hey, Big Head,they do, um, genome sequenceanalysis on the Sherlock cluster.They're not gonna notice a fewmore measly petabytes, all right?We'll just get on and get off beforeanyone even notices we're there.Yeah? Come on, man. I need this, allright? I wouldn't ask you otherwise.All right. My username is "password"and my password is "password."Your username is "password"?It was just easier.Okay, Big Head came through.I've already reserved the resources.We can start the transferwhenever we're ready.Slight problem. I can't get online.What the fuck?I can't get on either.Gilfoyle, did you frythe fucking router again?No!Jared! Did you pay the broadband bill?No. I mean, we don't have the funds.- What?- I tried to bring it to your attention,but you said, "Fuck off, Mom."Wait.Are you telling me Anton is completelycut off from the outside world?Which means Melcher's data is offline.We're in breach.Shit. Okay, uh...you guys keep Anton alive. Iwill... figure something out.A product recall on that scale?What the fuck is Barker thinking?Uh, I was only at eight percent,so if you could close some applications.Monk: Cell phone?Lama-la, I... I need toknow what Hooli stock is doing.Enlightenment...or ignorance.You must choose.Erlich, get the bags.Richard Hendricks. What's up?Hi. I was just calling tolet you know that, um...we're gonna have totake the network downjust for a little bit forsome routine maintenance,so your data might be inaccessible.What?Richard: Yeah. Oh, justfor an hour or two.- Nothing major.- Richard...you're supposed to give me 72 hours'notice for any disruption of service.Richard: No, I know, I know, Iknow, but this is just to improve- your user experience, because we care.- Dinesh: Falling! Falling!Gilfoyle: What the fuck are you doing?- Dinesh: Would you fucking...- Dan: Is everything okay over there?Yeah. "Okay"? Yeah. Yeah.Dan. Danny, Dan-Dan.It's totally normal. Totally normal.Look, as long as you haveit back online, you know,- before we open in the morning.- Yes, of course.Hey, you want to talk to Liz?- No. No, no. I...- I'm gonna go get some cake from the back.Why? They bring it to us.That's okay. I'm justgonna... go to them.All right. She's going to them.- Never get married, Richard.- Women, right?- I'll talk to you. Yes.- Bye.We'll go to them.Guys, we'll go to them.- Who?- Standford!If we move Anton to Stanford, we canplug him directly into the cluster,and we'll be back online beforeFiduciated opens. It's perfect.Yeah, except for the part aboutmoving Anton to fucking Stanford.How the fuck are we gonna do that?We take him apart, movehim, put him back together.- That's insane.- Okay, well,unless you happen to have athree-mile long Ethernet cablehidden up your fuckingasshole, that's the plan!Is Big Head gonna be okaywith us just showing upwith three tons ofunauthorized equipment?Yeah! I just spoke to him on the phone.He was like, "Uh, yeah."Okay, do it. I'll get thetruck. I'll get a truck.Erlich: You know, Iflew all the way here,to Tibet, on my own dime.You've killed my battery.I don't feel the slightestbit more spiritually centered.Can this thing go any faster?- Richard.- Oh. Yeah.Okay. Thank you, Jared.Uh, so, what... what time didBig Head say he needed us there?I don't know. He said whenever.Typically, campus securityrequires a specific window- for deliveries of this size.- Okay.Did you send him an inventory,so that he could requestand clear a static IPaddress for each server?No. No. I wouldn't worry about it.Maybe I'll just give him a call.Nah, it's fine. It'sfine. It'll be fine.- Well, maybe I'll just text him.- Jared! Oh my God!Just... just stop with thesecond-guessing, hand-wringing,pearl-clutching bullshit, okay,for just, like, a fucking minute.You know what? Um, Iwaive your two weeks.- You can go.- What?You wanted to go? Go.Bye. Thanks.I'll order a Lyft home and...What the fuckwas that? You fired him?He already quit, remember?Besides, he was being a fucking asshole.Jared was being an asshole?Do you want to go with him?Because, if you haven't noticed,if we don't get this shit to Standfordand all set up by 9:00 a.m.,we are fucked!Jack: Okay, listen up, everybody,here's the deal.I was just talking toyour foreman, Jung-Sho...and he seems to feel that you areall working at maximum capacityand that you cannot work any harder.But I have just flown from America,and I'm here to proveto you that he is wrong.You can work harder, much harder.How? With a little system I like to callthe conjoined triangles of success!Come on.Emily Chang: Breaking news.Hooli CEO Jack Barkerhas been taken hostage by workersat a Hooli factory in China,which produces cell phones.I want everyone to knowI haven't been harmed...and the workers here have assured methat I will only be heldas their honored guestuntil Hooli has met theirvery reasonable requestfor fair wages andfor humane conditions.On a more personal note, honey...I have to stop now.Gilfoyle: All right.Holy shit. I think wecan actually make it.All right.Okay.What the fuck?Shit. We must've left thework lights on all night.Well, do we have jumper cables?- Jared did.- Triple-A?- Sounds like a Jared thing.- Richard: Wait.Aren't Anton's racksfull of backup batteries?Okay. How much longer?Give us a minute. We justneed to connect a few more.Uh, try it now.Just fuck the batteries!We don't need 'em! Let's go!- Dinesh: Okay, hold on.- Oh my God, just throw them away!Okay, dude. Go, go.Oh Jesus! Shit.Oh, hey, Ashley. That was close.Well, look, it won't be thelast time you stop traffic, huh?Little hottie.But not now, when you're older.I'm sorry, we haveto... We have to go. Bye.Back up, back up. Thank you.Big Head. Hey, I need you tomeet me at the loading dockbehind Spilker in 10minutes. I'll explain there.Now's not really a great time, Richard.I'm sort of in the middle of something.Wait. You said you already explained.Yeah, I know. I did. Yeah,it's just... Big Head.Come on, buddy, I need you.Okay. Be right there.Can I go to the bathroom?Are you sure? We don'twant to inconvenience you.It's no trouble at all, and there'sno need to send a negotiator.I'm in Tibet. It's right next door.Well, we'd be grateful tohave this in such good hands.We've missed you, Gavin.Perhaps when you return, we...Please. The only thing I'mconcerned with right nowis bringing our boy home safe.Fuck you, Jack Barker!Hah!Hey.Opium? Are you fucking kidding me?I was on the phone for,like, three minutes.Big... Head.Come on, get up.We need to get to the airstrip.Shit. Shit. Come on. Let's go, let's go.Start unloading it. Come on.Hey, man, so did you evertransfer all that data?No, we just gotta unload ourservers near the Sherlock arrays.Servers? Richard, man, I told you,now is not a good time for this.- I know, I know, I know.- Dinesh: You dick.You never told Big Head- we were bringing Anton here, did you?- Who's Anton?He's everything that'spacked into the backof this giant fucking truck.And you want to set it all up here?Oh, dude, come on.I told you I'm, like, soclose to getting fired.Big Head, come on. It's just for a bit.Richard, you specifically told usthat Big Head said this was okay.That's what you fucking told us!You lied to our faces again.Come on, guys, we don'thave time for this.You were just going to showup and fucking steamroll him?That was your whole plan?He's your oldest friend,and you're okay just getting him fired?He's Big Head!He's gonna fall ass-backwardinto something, you know?- He always does.- I'm not doing it.- What?- I'm out too.Now? We're-we're-we're... we're so...We... we got it. We'rehere. W-we did it.You... hypocrites.You fucking hypocrites.When I wouldn't use the fakeusers, you called me a pussy.When I wouldn't lie on the stand,you called me a pussy.But now, when I'm actually doingwhat you've been wantingme to do, you quit?You're the pussies. You are the pussies.I'm the only one that'strying to fucking...save what we do here!All this time we spentbuilding this thing, and now,now it falls apart becauseyou two don't fucking do it?- This is too much for you? Well, fuck you!- Hey, guys?This is fine.- What?- Yeah, my bad.I thought you were talkingabout a lot more stuff.Gre...- Gilfoyle: Oh...- Dinesh: Fuck.Fuck.So, anyways, my office is unlockedif you guys just wanna, like,toss that on my desk or whatever.I should probably get back, though,before that teacherguy gets me in trouble.I'll see you guys.Richard: How?Who?You had me open up theback... to get the batteries,and then you told menot to put them back,so... no one...You know who would'veremembered to close the door?Jared.Richard: It's Melcher.Good luck with that.Richard.Can I come in?Umm... I have company.Is there a girl in there?How many girls are in there?Richard, what do you wantfrom me? Nothing, it's just...you were right about all of it.I killed Anton,and, uh, I lost all of Melcher's data,everybody fucking hates me,and I'm basically one blood boyaway from being Gavin Belson.I did not...run the company with integrity...but...I'm gonna end it with some.I'm going to Melcher'soffice, and I'm coming clean.Anyway...I'm really fucking sorry, man.Well, I'll leave you alone now.Hey. "This guy fucks."Jared: Richard!- What's this?- It's a job application.I'd like to submit myself fora position with Pied Piper.I'd really like to bethere till the bitter end."Lordy, Lordy, looks who's 40."That's the wrong one.I gotta say, Gavin...when that storeroom door opened,and I saw your face grinning down at me,I thought it was an angel.When we get home, I'm goingto do everything in my powerto get you back in the goodgraces of the Hooli board.I can use a fellow of your talents, sir.That's very graciousof you, Jack. Thank you.Woman: Welcome aboard, gentlemen.Our flying time to MountainView is 11 hours and 36 minutes,and we will be stoppingoff in Jackson Hole first.Oh. Stopping off at JacksonHole, are you, Gavin?No, Jack. You are.Jackson Hole is definitively outof the way. Everyone knows that.But I don't mind dropping you off first,this one last time.Hey. What are you guys doing here?Jared called us.If you're gonna eat a giantplate of steaming hot shit,we figured it shouldprobably be a team effort.Okay. Thanks.Uh, I'll go check in.Hi, could you tell DanMelcher that Richard Hendricksand the guys from PiedPiper are here to see him?You guys are PiedPiper? The guys who builtour data storage network? It's awesome.Oh. Yeah, it was awesomeuntil it crashed this morning.I was just using it twominutes ago. It's working fine.- Really?- Man: Yeah.Uh... what's he talking about?Richard: It's up.All of Melcher's data is there.How is that possible?What are those devices?Those aren't phones.Why the fuck are you laughing?You look fucking insane right now.Look at that OUI prefixesin these MAC addresses.Yeah, okay, so what are those?Smart fridges.About 30,000 of them.Come again?Jian-Yang's smart fridge musthave been self-correcting.In order to fit my "Suck it,Jian-Yang" video onto his fridge,I had to add Pied Piperlibraries to the firmware.Other smart fridges must'veseen this as an update.- What?- The smart fridges talk to each other,and they share the new software.Right, so when we putthat data onto Anton,the last thing he did before he diedwas back himself up onto ahuge network of smart fridges.Anton died so we could live.Like Jesus.Oh fuck.Guys, do yourealize what just happened?We're still alive.The network is stable.- Gilfoyle: Mm-hmm.- The new Internet works,and this is the proof.- We did it!- Richard: Yes, we did.Wait a minute.If Melcher never lost access tohis data, what's he so upset about?Richard! Richard! I'm so sorry.We were tasting cakes,and then you called,- and then it just... came out.- What came out?- You son of a bitch!- Save yourself!I'm guessing there's a story here.- Jared: Stand down! No, no, no!- Dan: That's it! Help!- Gavin.- Mmm.I like your hair.I like your eye.Yeah, I... I got it from a woman.She didn't hit me. No, the man did...because of sex... that I gave to her.So... welcome home,and congratulations ongetting your business back.Thank you. And I should congratulate youon your remarkable tech breakthrough.I hear you're swimmingin funding offers.A few. I think we'regonna go with Bream-Hall.- They seem to get us.- You haven't seen all the offers yet.Richard, we were partners once.I'd like to do it again.This is an acquisition offer,and it will make you a very wealthy man.Let's do this together.That's very kind of you.- But...- Richard, at least look it over.I can help you get exactlywhere you want to go.I'm pretty sure I know where Iwant to go and how to get there.If you reject me now, Richard, Iwill come after you. I'll devour you.Think very carefully aboutwhat you're doing here.Here's what I think, Gavin.I think my decentralized Internetthreatens Hooli's box business model.I think, basically, you arejust a server company now,and we intend to make servers obsolete.So, I think perhaps in the end,I will be the one devouring you.I gave you that patent.Thanks.Fair enough, Richard.I shall look forward to the fight.Right back at you, Gavy, baby.Gavin.Oh, um, did Erlichever show up in Tibet?No.Jesus. What the hell did he order?No. No. No, no, no.No, no, no, no. Stop. Stop it. Stop it.No. Don't.♪ Cash rules everything around me ♪♪ I'm fresh out the slum, richbum, nigga now I live dumb ♪♪ Talking about that crane,leaning in the Tower of Pisa ♪♪ Seven visas, gotcondos in the jungle ♪♪ The mind stay rich, butthe pockets is well-built ♪♪ Violate the slow area, youmelt, I'm telling ya, man ♪♪ Don't want no part of this fam ♪♪ Get punched in thewater like clams ♪♪ KKK slices, still oneof the nicest things ♪♪ Steel sharp swordsdipped in ricin ♪♪ Everybody eat, everybody bulge ♪♪ Just a young bull lightingthe Philly, still a Willy ♪♪ Forlorn in the Bentleywith the wall on him ♪♪ Yo, I'll sleep when I'mdead, like the hood homies ♪♪ Who get it crackingin the park, Holmes ♪♪ Park Hill narcos smoking ♪♪ Let their bones turn to charcoal ♪♪ Let's get richer, kid ♪♪ Signature Louis Rich ♪♪ Won't stop until there'sbillions in this bitch ♪