Erlich!Seeing you Thursday, right?Jian Yang's pitch?Yes, we can't wait to pitch youthe ideathat is gonna be pitched to you.Great, I'll see you then.You have no idea what it is,do you?Not a fucking clue.I'm taking Piper Chat,all your users will be convertedto Hooli Chat users.You have five seconds to decide.- Five...- Okay.I don't knowif this will be relevant,but he did say the word,"oculus," a whole bunch.- Oculus?- Mm-hm.Jian? I'm very excitedfor your VR play.Who's doing VR?This has to do with the Oculus,right?- Octopus.- Octopus?- It's a water animal.- I...I... I know what an octopus is.Gavin, I need to talk to youabout this Piper Chatacquisition.Now, Carl, you said the newsign-in page made you nervous...Are these my favoritenail beds I've ever seen?No, but they're fine.Okay. You know, I... I wasn'tactually gonna come here.But then, I thought, "You know what?I could... I could use a walk."And, um, well,I've just been working onthis peer-to-peerInternet thing,and well, I... I thinkbetter when I walk.Mm-hmm. If I'm gonna bethinking and walking,I might as well walksomewhere specific.Hey, when wasthe last time you slept?Um... I don't know.Well, I know I... I wasgonna sleep last night,but, uh... I thoughtI had this solvefor this computational trustissue I've been working on,but it turns out,I didn't have a solve.But it was too late. I had alreadydrank the whole pot of coffee.Okay. Well, I'm busy. I've gotto see patients all the time.What are you doing? Sorry. Idon't want to interrupt you.Sorry, just... just one second.I just had a quick thought.Why are you writing it on there?Well, I mean, you change thesebetween every patient, right?I guess I'm goingto have to now.You know, all the guys at the house,they think I'm nuts, but I'm not nuts.Hey, you know, they say that afterAlan Turing was chemically castrated,he got a lot less annoying.What was that?Hmm?Nothing. Just... that's justsomething to think about.Okay. Sure, yeah.Pen, please.Right, yeah.Go ahead and paythe lady out front.Cash is always appreciated.Hmm. How the helldoes this thing work?Question for you.What's betterthan octopus recipe?Answer for you.Eight recipes for octopus.My grandmother gave mea family recipebefore she diedin a horrible way.Wait. What?Sorry. We knew Jian-Yang'sapp was in the food space,but we assumedthat it was camera-based.Like, you take a photo of food,the app returns nutritionalinformation, or recipes,or how it was sourced.Yeah, like Shazam for food.Exactly. But this,I mean, this is...Shazam... for food.No, Shazam's not my vision.Of course they know that you're notpitching Shazam. That already exists.This would bea Shazam... for food.No.Sorry. Language barrier.Do you speak Mandarin?Anybody? No?That's not Mandarin. He's astickler for the accent.No, my app is seafood,like food...in the sea.That you can see.Oh, "see food." S-E-E food. Oh.SeeFood.Now, that we like.Seafood. It's likefood in the sea.Fuck.Oh, Gavin. Gavin.I head aboutyour PiperChat issue.Those COPPA fines are no joke,could be billions.I'm acutely aware, Jack.Listen, after allyou've done for me...Bringing me into the Hoolisandbox, letting me play here...What if, hypothetically,I had a way to deletethe underage accountsand the chat data in question?Hypothetically, I couldblame it on a malfunctionof my Endframe/Box servers.The board would havenothing to blame you for.Jack, I'm speechless.I'm embarrassed to say it,- but I was beginning to question your loyalty.- Yeah.Well, you should've.I said it was hypothetical.Didn't say I'd do it.Why don't you go aheadand take a seat, Gavin?Uh, you guys?Gavin Belson just got fired!- Richard.- Wait. What?Shit, that's huge."There are unconfirmed reports thatBelson violated Hooli protocolin the acquisition of a companythat contained toxic assets."Oh, that's us! Oh, my God.Gavin's been fired?Did you fall in the pool?Oh, no. No, I didn't.I was, um... I wasdangling my feet in,'cause it was cool and refreshingand just helping me think,and then,since I was wet anyway,I purposefully startedto wade around in the pool.Uh... But don't worry.No, I didn't fall in.I, uh...I am not a spaz."Belson will be succeededby 'Action' Jack Barker."A veteran tech CEO,Barker commented,"'We at Hooli pledge to work"with the Federal TradeCommission"to resolve this matterand commit ourselvesto earning backthe public trust.'"Wow, Dinesh,you really stuck it to him.Now they're pinning itall on Gavin.Holy shit.Dude, you're moist.Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah,I'll go and get a towel.I mean, Dinesh,you're a... a giant slayer.As long as he's the one taking thefall for these underage users.I thought I'd have to, like,answer to Congress or something.Yeah, that makes sense. You wereworried sick about the wrathof a bloatedand inept bureaucracy,but feel totallycomfortable having crosseda spiteful and vindictivemegalomaniac with unlimited funds.Shut up. Gavin wouldn'tcome after me personally.I think you might bethe first Pakistani manto be killed by a droneinside the United States.People don't have peoplekilled in the Valley.Not even Gavin Belson. Okay?Right, Jared?I... I once saw himthrow a slothdown a flight of stairsafter a presentation,and he said it was an accident,but he had this look in his eyes.I... I can't rule it out."A legacy lost. CEO and chiefinnovator Gavin Belson exits Hooli."The end of the Gavin Belson era.And if all goes well, it isthe beginning of the eraof Erlich Bachman and his funkyAsian dude friend Jian...Jian? Jian-Yang!Coleman Blair and Associatesjust offered usa seed investment of $200,000for the Shazam of food.All we have to do is dazzlethem with a demo on Monday,and, uh, the check will...What the fuck?Huh?Is that my vintageCorona Club beach towel?Yes. I was in the pool,but I got out.That's a beach towel,not a pool...Where were you? I was referringto you as my funky Asian friend.The passenger door'sall fucked up!I told you, there's no demo.I'm making my recipe app.You're gonna walk awayfrom $200,000?You know who walks away fromthat kind of money, Jian-Yang?Richard, a crazy person.Crazy? No. Opposite.He walked away from $10 million.Now look at him...Wet pants, stealing towels,babbling about technical issuesthat he can't solve.I am one computational trust issueaway from solving this thing.Is this how you wanna end up?No. He's a cautionary tale.- Nope, not true.- Not a cautionary tale.Got a lot of work to do.I'll be in the pool. Not crazy.I mean, it's like, wow.Richard...- Hey, Erlich.- Just FYI.I actually did some imagerecognition stuff on Nip Alert,so maybe you could hire meto help on the demo,'cause my dad's been,like, kinda on me latelyto, like, get a jobor go to school 'cause...'cause he's upset that I lost allthat money on... on PiperChat.And then also, you helped me losethat 20 million on Bachmanity.Big Head, um...Jian-Yang's culture...He's...Chinese...Won't allow himto accept outside help.Oh, right, 'cause of Chinese.Okay, well, that makes sense.If either of you could aidin the construction of thisimage recognition software,I can pay you handsomely.Huh. Five years at ASU, thenyou dropped out? No degree?Mm-hmm. Pretty solid "C's"in all of your CS classes.Right.But really more incompletesthan anything.Yeah, a lot of those classeswere at 11:00 a.m., so...I'm sorry, but I...I don't thinkyou're Stanford CS material,Mr. Bighetti.Yeah, that's totally fair.Thanks so much.Have a nice day.Oh, hey, did you get thisat a party on Alcatraz?Yes. Oh, cool. I gotone there, too.Or, I mean, I guess,technically, I bought one there.I bought everything there.Excuse me?Oh, Bachmanity was my VC fund.What?It stands for Venture Capital.I know. Umm...Wh...Wait. Nelson Bighetti.Were you on the coverof WIRED magazine?Yeah, and actually inside, too.Can I get you some coffee?The last 24 hourshave been very painful.But in the days to come, what I willbe thinking of most is all of you,the good people of Hooli,and what we've built together.And, yes, we built great products here.Great products.But I like to think we builtan even greater connection.So, in the spiritof that connection,if any of you would liketo say something to me...Positive or negative...This is the time.I encourage you to becompletely honest.Don't be shy.This is most likely the lastchance we have to talk.Anything at all.Ah. Here we go.Todd, our seniorsystems engineer.I'm sorry,but it's my official dutyto... escort youoff the property...I understand.Thank you for your dedication...and relieve you of your badge.Yes.I guess this is it then.Goodbye, Hoover.Your parking hang tag.I mean, do you think I'm crazyfor chasing this thing?Don't ask me. I'm hardlyin a position to judge.I mean, you do realize I'm literally theonly person in this entire grocery storewho's actuallybuying stuff for myself.I don't know. Maybethese people are right.Maybe I just dropthis one, move on,and become some patheticfucking TaskRabbit, you know?Hey, I have a family, asshole.Oh. Sorry. Not you,the other ones.Look, if you can't crackthis idea, there's no shame.I mean, a lot of really smartpeople have gotten stuck on it.Please. Like who?Peter Gregory for one.Peter was thinking abouta fully decentralized Internet?Why wouldn't youmention this to me?Well, because he walked awayfrom it,and you seemed so excited about it,I thought you had a new angle.I didn't want to discourage you.Oh, what, 'cause I'm some delicatelittle flower? I couldn't handle it?The thing is, Peter tendedto cling to things,and he gave up on this. I mean,he must've had a reason.Wait. Peter wasa compulsive note-taker. Right?What about his journals? I mean,do you guys still have them?Richard, I am on thin iceas it is at Raviga.No. Monica, listen to me, okay?I haven't slept in days.I'm walking into poolsfully clothed.This is all I think about.Please.Fine, but just this once.Yes. Thank you.Fuck. It's Erlich. He...What?He wants me to helpspin up this demofor Jian-Yang's bullshitShazam-for-food app.Wait, the thing that Coleman Blairjust bought? That was them?Yeah, but theyhaven't bought it yet.I mean, they signthe deal on Monday,but it's all contingenton a working demo,which they do notand will not have.Interesting.You're doing great workby the way.Fuck you. Definitely. Thank you.I'll have those formsto you by 11.Yeah, so it's called SeeFood,but it's S-E-E Food, get it?Yes, Erlich Bachmanshowed me a demo,and this thing is incredible.Yeah, and Coleman Blair is gonnaget the whole deal for only 200K.But here's the thing,they don't close until Monday.I mean, if I had Laurie's ear,I would tell herthat we should pay them todayand close the deal,and Bachman wouldjump on it in a second.Go choke on that, broham.Very funny.What's funny?This message."Hey, I'm a big fan"of what you didto Gavin Belson."I've seen your photoand think you're cute.Would love to meet up. Mia."Fuck you.I didn't send that.Oh, you didn't?My hand to Satan.But before you go ahead and get alittle brown boner in your pants,you might wanna considerthat it's not a woman.I bet you're being catfishedby Gavin himself.Oh, fuck.But...But what?On the off chance that thisis an actual real woman,getting murdered seemslike an acceptable risk.Oh, hey.Hey.Let me ask you something.Do you think wearingthe name of the collegeyou're going to to classis like the same thing aswearing the name of the bandyou're going to to a concert?What? Did you get into Stanford?Yeah, and this is totally goingto get my dad off my back,and they saidthey liked my story,so I'm gonna takea CS class there.And they're so nice. I was askingif it was gonna be pass/fail,and they were like,"It's up to you."And then I said,"Is there gonna be homework?"And they were like,"Only if you want it."And so then, I guess I haveto decide if I want it,which kinda already feels likehomework, but do you think I...Holy shit.It's like we just walked rightinto Peter Gregory's brain.Actually, I think Peter's brain isin a cryo-locker in Menlo Park.Oh, hey, I, uh... I rememberthis photo from Peter's office.It's still so weird to me that heand Gavin Belson were ever friends.Select destination.- No. No, no. No, thank you.- Optimizing route to Arallon.Whoa, whoa, whoa,whoa, whoa. Hold on.Wait. Are all thesePeter Gregory's notebooks?Um... Are they? Arethey in this box?Richard. Remember, you promised youwere gonna get some sleep tonight.Yeah, I will.All right, I'm, uh...I'm gonna leave you guys to it.Oh, Erlich didn't get a callfrom Ed Chen today, did he?Yeah. I heard themon speakerphone,'cause Erlichwas neti-potting.I think, uh... I thinkthey're meeting tonight.Good to know.What?Sesame seeds.To SeeFood.To SeeFoodand to a full-expensed mealon Raviga's tab,and to you, Ed Chen, who pulledthe wool over Laurie Bream's eyesand got us two-hundo-thousight unseen.Well, she had some concerns aboutgetting into business with you again,but I can pretty much talkthat broad into anything.Ha! Cheers to that.You're a con man, like Erlich!What does that mean?It... it's a little term ofendearment we have around the house.Uh, a confident man.He sees me as a confidentman, and he looks up to me.You know, you have to be patient withhim, 'cause he's a bit of a moron.Moron? No, no, no. I mean,he's... Not in tech.And how about this palapa?Are we in the islands or what?Sorry. I...This app isn'tgonna suck, right?If it sucks, it's my ass.You guys havea working demo... right?Uh, we're gonna slow downon the, uh... the-the... theservings for the little one.So, he's from China,a small town,not used to our big city liquor,and... No, no, no, no, no.Jian-Yang.Boys, boys. Let's speakin English. It's the law."I'm a big fat fucking asshole."Okay, now.That's... that's me.Why would I call myselfa big fat asshole?The liquor's gottento the little fellow,and I wouldn't listento a word he has to say.Oh, hey, Gilfoyle.This is Mia.Are you gonna murder Dinesh?No.Bummer.Wait. Gilfoyle?Are you the Gilfoylefrom Bovine Dawn?Maybe.I'm MI4.No shit.I always thought you werea fat, bald weirdo.Well, she's not. She'sa thin, hairy regular.You know, you weretotally wrong about the dumpof all the hacking team'sbest exploits.No, if you look at what happenedwith the Equation Group,it was basically the same thing.She's right, you're wrong.Um, shall we head out?Don't wait up.Oh, my God.Oh, my fucking God!Richard, what is it?Jared, look.It's all here.Peter Gregory knew the value of acompletely decentralized Internet.I mean, Look, look."The Internet we deserve."I mean, look, even back then,Peter was worried thatthe Internet would becomethis shittycorporate-controlled thingthat... that Hooli and all theseother companies manipulate today.But the idea is real.It's just that Peter didn'tthink it was feasibleunless compression surpassedthe theoretical limitof a 2.9 Weissman Score.We shattered that limitat TechCrunch Disrupt.Yeah, baby. Exactly.Ha!I mean, goddammit.I always knew there wasa perfect applicationfor my algorithm.These notes, all this... thisis going to save me months.This is it. I mean, I was right all along.I was right!Can I just...Can I try something?Yeah.Woo!Okay.I don't know.Woo!Woo!Woo! Woo!Woo!Sorry.That's okay.So... do you like movies?Depends on the movie.I'm the exact same way.It being a movie doesn'tmean I'm gonna like it.Would you care for some wineor a cocktail tonight?Uh, just water, please.Just water, please.I love water.I do.Oceans, rivers...lakes.When does a pond become a lake?I wonder if it's depth.Where are those waters? Felt likewe ordered waters a while ago.And... What?Fucking prick.What?Oh, nothing.It was justa text from Gilfoyle.Gilfoyle isn't a prick.Yeah, I'm sorry.He's a motherfucking prick.What?That guy sucks.Everyone hates himon the message boards.You know, putting a face tothe name made so much sense.Right, 'cause his face sucks, too.Totally!Yeah. I have to find this one post of his.It was insane.You know, he has no friends.He pretends likehe's all dry and witty,but he's justa monotone piece of shit.And being a Satanistjust means you're ugly,and you're leaning into it.That's right.You know what? Can Iget a glass of Malbec?Unless... Do you wantto get a bottle?Yeah. Let's geta bottle of Malbec.Fucking Gilfoyle.Right?Mr. Bighetti.When you're ready.Uh, ready for what?I'm likethe class clown already.Why is my name on the board?Oh, no.Laurie, you wanted to see me?Oh. Yes, Monica, sit.Are you pregnant?Yes.Congratulations.On?On being pregnant.Oh. Yes.Friday afternoon,Ed Chen convinced meto bid against Coleman Blairon an app entitled SeeFood.It's run by Bachman and the onewho smoked in the offices.Well, I...Ed is very persuasive.This morning, he made the casethat since you have a long-standingrelationship with Bachman,and since you are a talented VCwho deserves a second chance...His words...You should take lead.What?- - I mean, look at this drawing.I drew the exact same thingon my doctor's butt paper.I mean, Peter hadthe exact same idea.He was just waitingfor compression to catch up,which it did, thanks to me.Cheer up, Richard.Yes, but here'sthe best part, okay?Peter never foresaw the ubiquityof Internet connectedcomputing devices. Right?Camera, refrigerators,TVs, baby monitors,not to mention the billions-plus smartphonesthat are floating around the world.I mean, who herehas a smartphone, right?You, you, me, Jian-Yang,Dinesh, Monica...Richard, you don't haveto name everyone you know.Point is... you allthought I was crazywhen I walked into the swimmingpool with my clothes on,but it turns outI was fucking right.Okay. So, not crazy.Opposite. You poor idiots.How was school, Timmy?Oh, not great.They made me teach.Teach what?Stanford.You're a professor atStanford now, Big Head?- No, that would be crazy.- I'm a guest lecturer.What are you doing?It was open,and you have the keys.Huh.Strange.Did you change the locks?'Cause the keys were working lastnight when I went for my date.'Cause I haven't come back tothe house since my date, so...I did sex on her.Good. Cool. Yeah, that's great.Nice, man.Who is she?Her name is Mia,and she is a-Mia-zing.She hates Gilfoyle almostas much as I do, so...Huh! Jumping headlong intoa sexual relationship with MI4.Ballsy. But I'm sure you'vethought through the consequences.Well, we weren't really doing a lotof thinking. You know what I mean?Oh, wow.Mia is a legit hacker.People say that she's takenon the Chinese government,and here you are, after one meal,in an intimate relationship.So?So what do you think she'll doif you try to break up with her?Or disagree with her? Ordisappoint her in any way,like by confessingthat your badass takedownof Gavin Belsonwas a total accident?Unless, you've already told her.It didn't come up.Well, I'm surethat when she finds outthat your entirerelationship is basedon a lie of omission,she'll be very understanding.So what?We just won't breakup.Ever?Ever.Erlich.Do you know how badly Ed Chenjust fucked me with Laurie?Let me tell you something.A threesome is always awkward,especially the first one.Laurie beinga little bit older...I'm talking about SeeFood.What do you and Jian-Yang have?Oh. A whole lotof nothing.Are you... no.No, no, no, no, no.SeeFood has to be great.My job depends on it.Ed Chen bailed and dumpedthe whole thing on me.Richard, can I speak with youin the kitchen for a moment?Yup. Sure.So, what's up?Well, here's the thing.Remember that phone numberyou were curious about in here?Well, it's not a phone number.It's a patent number.A patent for exactly whatyou were planning to build.So Peter patented it.No, I, um...I spoke to Brian Fong. Who?Brian Fong.Oh.And he told me that Peter wasvery excited about the idea,but there was some resentmentthat he wasn't focused more onwhat the team was working on,so one of them went outand got a patent on it.Why didn't this guy pursue it?Well, the patent wasjust a roadblockto keep Peter focused on thecompany they were starting...a company that went onto be known as Hooli.Wait, wait.Wait, wait, wait. Sst!So you're telling me that theperfect application of my algorithmbelongs to Gavin fucking Belson?I'm afraid so.Richard,are... you okay?Uh, yes. Just puttingsomething away.Yep. Not crazy.Opposite.Richard, you gottalet me in. I have your shoe.All right, I'm...I'm sorry to barge in here,but you have to eatsomething or you'll...Hello?Uh, hi, it's Richard...Hendricks.Richard Hendricks.I'm here for Gavin Belson,and we really need to talk.Richard, what is this?It's a license.So, if you just sign thereby the post-it note,then you will neversee me again.Are you joking?I guess we could hang out...Richard, stop talking.Gavin and his posseof bandits and cutthroatswould turn on you in a second.You need me.I'll kill them with knives.I'll kill them with guns.I'll kill them with my hands.I'll talk them into suicide.- All right, Jared...just to be clear, you're notgonna stab anyone, are you?Richard.