Erlich! Seeing you Thursday,right? Jian Yang's pitch?Yes, we can't wait to pitch you the idea- that is gonna be pitched to you.- Great, I'll see you then.- You have no idea what it is, do you?- Not a fucking clue.I'm taking Piper Chat,all your users will beconverted to Hooli Chat users.You have five seconds to decide.- Five...- Okay.I don't know if this will be relevant,but he did say the word,"oculus," a whole bunch.- Oculus?- Mm-hm.Jian? I'm very excited for your VR play.- Who's doing VR?- This has to do with the Oculus, right?- Octopus.- Octopus?- It's a water animal.- I...I... I know what an octopus is.Gavin, I need to talk to youabout this Piper Chat acquisition.Now, Carl, you said the newsign-in page made you nervous...Are these my favoritenail beds I've ever seen?No, but they're fine.Okay. You know, I... I wasn'tactually gonna come here.But then, I thought, "You knowwhat? I could... I could use a walk."And, um, well, I've just been working onthis peer-to-peer Internet thing,and well, I... I thinkbetter when I walk.Mm-hmm.If I'm gonna be thinking and walking,I might as well walk somewhere specific.Hey, when was the last time you slept?Um... I don't know.Well, I know I... I wasgonna sleep last night,but, uh... I thought I had this solvefor this computational trustissue I've been working on,but it turns out, I didn't have a solve.But it was too late. I had alreadydrank the whole pot of coffee.Okay. Well, I'm busy. I've gotto see patients all the time.- Sorry. I don't want to interrupt you.- What are you doing?Sorry, just... just one second.I just had a quick thought.Why are you writing it on there?Well, I mean, you change thesebetween every patient, right?I guess I'm going to have to now.You know, all the guys at thehouse, they think I'm nuts,but I'm not nuts.Hey, you know, they saythat after Alan Turingwas chemically castrated,he got a lot less annoying.- What was that?- Hmm?Nothing. Just... that's justsomething to think about.Okay. Sure, yeah.Pen, please.Right, yeah.Go ahead and pay the lady out front.Cash is always appreciated. Hmm.How the hell does this thing work?Question for you.What's better than octopus recipe?Answer for you.Eight recipes for octopus.My grandmother gave me a family recipebefore she died in a horrible way.Wait. What?Sorry. We knew Jian-Yang'sapp was in the food space,but we assumed that it was camera-based.Like, you take a photo of food,the app returns nutritionalinformation, or recipes,or how it was sourced.Yeah, like Shazam for food.Exactly. But this, I mean, this is...Shazam... for food.No, Shazam's not my vision.Of course they know thatyou're not pitching Shazam.That already exists.This would be a Shazam... for food.- No.- Sorry. Language barrier.Do you speak Mandarin? Anybody? No?- That's not Mandarin.- He's a stickler for the accent.No, my app is seafood, like food...- ... in the sea.- ... That you can see.Oh, "see food."- S-E-E food.- Oh.- SeeFood.- Now, that we like.Seafood. It's like food in the sea.Fuck.Oh, Gavin. Gavin.I heard about your PiperChat issue.Those COPPA fines are nojoke, could be billions.I'm acutely aware, Jack.Listen, after all you've done for me...bringing me into the Hoolisandbox, letting me play here...what if, hypothetically,I had a way to deletethe underage accountsand the chat data in question?Hypothetically, I couldblame it on a malfunctionof my Endframe/Box servers.The board would havenothing to blame you for.Jack, I'm speechless.I'm embarrassed to say it,but I was beginning toquestion your loyalty.Yeah.Well, you should've. Isaid it was hypothetical.Didn't say I'd do it.Why don't you go aheadand take a seat, Gavin?Uh, you guys? GavinBelson just got fired!- Richard.- Wait. What?Shit, that's huge."There are unconfirmed reportsthat Belson violated Hooli protocol"in the acquisition of a companythat contained toxic assets."- Oh, that's us!- Oh, my God.Gavin's been fired?Did you fall in the pool?Oh, no. No, I didn't.I was, um... I was dangling my feet in,'cause it was cool and refreshingand just helping me think,and then, since I was wet anyway,I purposefully started towade around in the pool.Uh... But don't worry.No, I didn't fall in.I, uh... I am not a spaz."Belson will be succeededby 'Action' Jack Barker."A veteran tech CEO, Barker commented,"'We at Hooli pledge to work"with the Federal Trade Commission"to resolve this matterand commit ourselves"to earning back the public trust.'"Wow, Dinesh, you really stuck it to him.Now they're pinning it all on Gavin.- Holy shit.- Dude, you're moist.Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah,I'll go and get a towel.I mean, Dinesh, you'rea... a giant slayer.As long as he's the one takingthe fall for these underage users.I thought I'd have to, like,answer to Congress or something.Yeah, that makes sense. Youwere worried sick about the wrathof a bloated and inept bureaucracy,but feel totallycomfortable having crosseda spiteful and vindictivemegalomaniac with unlimited funds.Shut up. Gavin wouldn'tcome after me personally.I think you might bethe first Pakistani manto be killed by a droneinside the United States.People don't have peoplekilled in the Valley.Not even Gavin Belson. Okay?Right, Jared?I... I once saw him throw a slothdown a flight of stairsafter a presentation,and he said it was an accident,but he had this look in his eyes.I... I can't rule it out."A legacy lost."CEO and chief innovator Gavin Belson"exits Hooli."The end of the Gavin Belson era.And if all goes well, itis the beginning of the eraof Erlich Bachman and hisfunky Asian dude friend,Jian...Jian? Jian-Yang!Coleman Blair andAssociates just offered usa seed investment of $200,000for the Shazam of food.All we have to do is dazzlethem with a demo on Monday,and, uh, the check will...- What the fuck?- Huh?Is that my vintageCorona Club beach towel?Yes. I was in the pool, but I got out.That's a beach towel,not a pool... and it...Where were you? I was referringto you as my funky Asian friend.The passenger door's all fucked up!I told you, there's no demo.I'm making my recipe app.You're gonna walk away from $200,000?You know who walks away fromthat kind of money, Jian-Yang?Richard, a crazy person.Crazy? No. Opposite.He walked away from $10million. Now look at him...wet pants, stealing towels,babbling about technicalissues that he can't solve.I am one computational trustissue away from solving this thing.Is this how you wanna end up?No. He's a cautionary tale.Nope, not true. Not a cautionary tale.Got a lot of work to do. I'llbe in the pool. Not crazy.- I mean, it's like, wow.- Richard...Hey, Erlich.Just FYI.I actually did some imagerecognition stuff on Nip Alert,so maybe you could hireme to help on the demo,'cause my dad's been,like, kinda on me latelyto, like, get a job orgo to school 'cause...'cause he's upset that I lostall that money on... on PiperChat.And then also, you helped me losethat 20 million on Bachmanity.Big Head, um...Jian-Yang's culture...he's... Chinese...won't allow him to accept outside help.Oh, right, 'cause of Chinese.Okay, well, that makes sense.If either of you could aidin the construction of thisimage recognition software,I can pay you handsomely.Huh. Five years at ASU, thenyou dropped out? No degree?Mm-hmm.Pretty solid "C's" inall of your CS classes.Right.But really moreincompletes than anything.Yeah, a lot of those classeswere at 11:00 a.m., so...I'm sorry, but I... I don't thinkyou're Stanford CSmaterial, Mr. Bighetti.Yeah, that's totallyfair. Thanks so much.Have a nice day.Oh, hey, did you get thisat a party on Alcatraz?- Yes.- Oh, cool. I got one there, too.Or, I mean, I guess,technically, I bought one there.I bought everything there.Excuse me?Oh, Bachmanity was my VC fund.What?- It stands for Venture Capital.- I know. Umm...Wh...Wait. Nelson Bighetti.Were you on the cover of WIRED magazine?Yeah, and actually inside, too.Can I get you some coffee?The last 24 hourshave been very painful.But in the days to come, what I willbe thinking of most is all of you,the good people of Hooli,and what we've built together.And, yes, we built greatproducts here. Great products.But I like to think we builtan even greater connection.So, in the spirit of that connection,if any of you would liketo say something to me...positive or negative...this is the time.I encourage you to be completely honest.Don't be shy.This is most likely thelast chance we have to talk.Anything at all.Ah. Here we go.Todd, our senior systems engineer.I'm sorry, but it'smy official duty to...escort you off the property...I understand.- Thank you for your dedication...- ... and relieve you of your badge.Yes.I guess this is it then.Goodbye, Hoover.Your parking hang tag.I mean, do you think I'mcrazy for chasing this thing?Don't ask me. I'm hardlyin a position to judge.I mean, you do realize I'mliterally the only personin this entire grocery storewho's actually buying stuff for myself.I don't know. Maybethese people are right.Maybe I just drop this one, move on,and become some patheticfucking TaskRabbit, you know?Hey, I have a family, asshole.Oh. Sorry. Not you, the other ones.Look, if you can't crackthis idea, there's no shame.I mean, a lot of really smartpeople have gotten stuck on it.Please. Like who?Peter Gregory for one.Peter was thinking about afully decentralized Internet?Why wouldn't you mention this to me?Well, because he walked away from it,and you seemed so excited aboutit, I thought you had a new angle.I didn't want to discourage you.Oh, what, 'cause I'm some delicatelittle flower? I couldn't handle it?The thing is, Petertended to cling to things,and he gave up on this. Imean, he must've had a reason.Wait. Peter was acompulsive note-taker. Right?What about his journals? I mean,do you guys still have them?Richard, I am on thinice as it is at Raviga.No. Monica, listen to me,okay? I haven't slept in days.I'm walking into pools fully clothed.This is all I think about. Please.Fine, but just this once.Yes. Thank you.- Fuck. It's Erlich. He...- What?He wants me to help spin up this demofor Jian-Yang's bullshitShazam-for-food app.Wait, the thing that ColemanBlair just bought? That was them?Yeah, but they haven't bought it yet.I mean, they sign the deal on Monday,but it's all contingenton a working demo,which they do not and will not have.Interesting.You're doing great work by the way.- Fuck you.- Definitely. Thank you.I'll have those forms to you by 11.Yeah, so it's called SeeFood,but it's S-E-E Food, get it?Yes, Erlich Bachman showed me a demo,and this thing is incredible.Yeah, and Coleman Blair is gonnaget the whole deal for only 200K.But here's the thing, theydon't close until Monday.I mean, if I had Laurie'sear, I would tell herthat we should pay themtoday and close the deal,and Bachman wouldjump on it in a second.Go choke on that, broham.Very funny.- What's funny?- This message."Hey, I'm a big fan of whatyou did to Gavin Belson."I've seen your photoand think you're cute."Would love to meet up. Mia."- Fuck you.- I didn't send that.- Oh, you didn't?- My hand to Satan.But before you go ahead and get alittle brown boner in your pants,you might wanna considerthat it's not a woman.I bet you're beingcatfished by Gavin himself.Oh, fuck.- But...- But what?On the off chance that thisis an actual real woman,getting murdered seemslike an acceptable risk.- Oh, hey.- Hey.Let me ask you something. Do you thinkwearing the name of thecollege you're going to to classis like the same thing aswearing the name of the bandyou're going to to a concert?- What?- Did you get into Stanford?Yeah, and this is totallygoing to get my dad off my back,and they said they liked my story,so I'm gonna take a CS class there.And they're so nice. I was askingif it was gonna be pass/fail,and they were like, "It's up to you."And then I said, "Isthere gonna be homework?"And they were like,"Only if you want it."And so then, I guess Ihave to decide if I want it,which kinda already feels like homework,but do you think I...Holy shit.It's like we just walked rightinto Peter Gregory's brain.Actually, I think Peter's brainis in a cryo-locker in Menlo Park.Oh, hey, I, uh... I rememberthis photo from Peter's office.It's still so weird to me that heand Gavin Belson were ever friends.Select destination.- No. No, no. No, thank you.- Optimizing route to Arallon.Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on.Wait. Are all thesePeter Gregory's notebooks?Um...- Are they? Are they in this box?- Richard.Remember, you promised you weregonna get some sleep tonight.Yeah, I will.All right, I'm, uh... I'mgonna leave you guys to it.Oh, Erlich didn't get a callfrom Ed Chen today, did he?Yeah. I heard them on speakerphone,'cause Erlich was neti-potting.I think, uh... I thinkthey're meeting tonight.Good to know.- What?- Sesame seeds.- To SeeFood.- To SeeFood...and to a full-expensedmeal on Raviga's tab,and to you, Ed Chen,who pulled the woolover Laurie Bream's eyesand got us two-hundo-thou sight unseen.Well, she had some concerns aboutgetting into business with you again,but I can pretty much talkthat broad into anything.Ha! Cheers to that.You're a con man, like Erlich!What does that mean?It... it's a little term ofendearment we have around the house.Uh, a confident man.He sees me as a confidentman, and he looks up to me.You know, you have tobe patient with him,- 'cause he's a bit of a moron.- Moron?No, no, no. I mean, he's... Not in tech.And how about this palapa?Are we in the islands or what?Sorry. I...This app isn't gonna suck, right?If it sucks, it's my ass.You guys have a working demo... right?Uh, we're gonna slow downon the, uh... the-the... theservings for the little one.So, he's from China, a small town,not used to our big city liquor,and... No, no, no, no, no.Jian-Yang.Boys, boys. Let's speakin English. It's the law."I'm a big fat fucking asshole."Okay, now. That's... that's me.Why would I call myselfa big fat asshole?The liquor's gottento the little fellow,and I wouldn't listento a word he has to say.Oh, hey, Gilfoyle. This is Mia.Are you gonna murder Dinesh?- No.- Bummer.Wait. Gilfoyle?Are you the Gilfoyle from Bovine Dawn?Maybe.I'm MI4.No shit.I always thought youwere a fat, bald weirdo.Well, she's not. She'sa thin, hairy regular.You know, you were totallywrong about the dumpof all the hacking team's best exploits.No, if you look at whathappened with the Equation Group,it was basically the same thing.She's right, you're wrong.Um, shall we head out?Don't wait up.Oh, my God.- Oh, my fucking God!- Richard, what is it?Jared, look. It's all here.Peter Gregory knew the value of acompletely decentralized Internet.I mean, Look, look. "TheInternet we deserve."I mean, look, even back then,Peter was worried thatthe Internet would becomethis shitty corporate-controlled thingthat... that Hooli and all theseother companies manipulate today.But the idea is real.It's just that Peterdidn't think it was feasibleunless compression surpassedthe theoretical limitof a 2.9 Weissman Score.We shattered that limitat TechCrunch Disrupt.- Yeah, baby. Exactly.- Ha!I mean, goddammit. Ialways knew there wasa perfect application for my algorithm.These notes, all this... thisis going to save me months.This is it. I mean, I wasright all along. I was right!Can I just... can I try something?Yeah.Woo!- Okay.- I don't know.- Woo!- Woo!Woo! Woo!Woo!- Sorry.- That's okay.So... do you like movies?Depends on the movie.I'm the exact same way.It being a movie doesn'tmean I'm gonna like it.Would you care for somewine or a cocktail tonight?Uh, just water, please.Just water, please.I love water.I do.Oceans, rivers...lakes.When does a pond...become a lake?I wonder if it's depth.Where are those waters? Felt likewe ordered waters a while ago.And... What?Fucking prick.- What?- Oh, nothing.It was just a text from Gilfoyle.Gilfoyle isn't a prick.- Yeah, I'm sorry.- He's a motherfucking prick.- What?- That guy sucks.Everyone hates himon the message boards.You know, putting a face tothe name made so much sense.Right, 'cause his face sucks, too.- Totally!- Yeah.I have to find this onepost of his. It was insane.You know, he has no friends.He pretends like he's all dry and witty,but he's just a monotone piece of shit.And being a Satanistjust means you're ugly,and you're leaning into it.That's right.You know what? Can Iget a glass of Malbec?Unless... Do you want to get a bottle?Yeah. Let's get a bottle of Malbec.- Fucking Gilfoyle.- Right?Mr. Bighetti.When you're ready.Uh, ready for what?I'm like the class clown already.Why is my name on the board?_Oh, no.Laurie, you wanted to see me?Oh. Yes, Monica, sit.Are you pregnant?- Yes.- Congratulations.- On?- On being pregnant.Oh. Yes.Friday afternoon, Ed Chen convinced meto bid against Coleman Blairon an app entitled SeeFood.It's run by Bachman and theone who smoked in the offices.Well, I... Ed is very persuasive.This morning, he made the casethat since you have a long-standingrelationship with Bachman,and since you are a talented VCwho deserves a second chance...his words...you should take lead.What?I mean, look at this drawing.I drew the exact same thingon my doctor's butt paper.I mean, Peter had the exact same idea.He was just waiting forcompression to catch up,which it did, thanks to me.Cheer up, Richard.Yes, but here's the best part, okay?Peter never foresaw the ubiquityof Internet connectedcomputing devices. Right?Camera, refrigerators,TVs, baby monitors,not to mention thebillions-plus smartphonesthat are floating around the world.I mean, who here hasa smartphone, right?You, you, me, Jian-Yang,Dinesh, Monica...Richard, you don't haveto name everyone you know.Point is... you all thought I was crazywhen I walked into the swimmingpool with my clothes on,but it turns out I was fucking right.Okay. So, not crazy.Opposite. You poor idiots.How was school, Timmy?Oh, not great. They made me teach.- Teach what?- Stanford.You're a professor atStanford now, Big Head?No, that would be crazy.I'm a guest lecturer.What are you doing?It was open, and you have the keys.Huh.Strange. Did you change the locks?'Cause the keys were working lastnight when I went for my date.'Cause I haven't come back tothe house since my date, so...I did sex on her.- Good.- Cool. Yeah, that's great.Nice, man. Who is she?Her name is Mia, and she is a-Mia-zing.She hates Gilfoyle almostas much as I do, so...Huh! Jumping headlonginto a sexual relationship with MI4.Ballsy.But I'm sure you've thoughtthrough the consequences.Well, we weren't really doing a lotof thinking. You know what I mean?- Oh, wow.- Mia is a legit hacker.People say that she's takenon the Chinese government,and here you are, after onemeal, in an intimate relationship.So?So what do you think she'll doif you try to break up with her?Or disagree with her? Ordisappoint her in any way,like by confessing thatyour badass takedownof Gavin Belson was a total accident?Unless, you've already told her.It didn't come up.Well, I'm sure that when she finds outthat your entire relationship is basedon a lie of omission,she'll be very understanding.So what? We just won't breakup.Ever?Ever.Erlich.Do you know how badly Ed Chenjust fucked me with Laurie?Let me tell you something.A threesome is always awkward,especially the first one.Laurie being a little bit older...I'm talking about SeeFood.What do you and Jian-Yang have?Oh. A whole lot of nothing.Are you...No! No, no, no, no, no.SeeFood has to be great.My job depends on it.Ed Chen bailed and dumpedthe whole thing on me.Richard, can I speak with youin the kitchen for a moment?Yup. Sure.So, what's up?Well, here's the thing.Remember that phone numberyou were curious about in here?Well, it's not a phonenumber. It's a patent number.A patent for exactly whatyou were planning to build.So Peter patented it.No, I, um...- I spoke to Brian Fong.- Who?- Brian Fong.- Oh.And he told me that Peter wasvery excited about the idea,but there was some resentmentthat he wasn't focused more onwhat the team was working on,so one of them went outand got a patent on it.Why didn't this guy pursue it?Well, the patent was just a roadblockto keep Peter focused on thecompany they were starting...a company that...went on to be known as Hooli.Wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait. Sst!So you're telling me that theperfect application of my algorithmbelongs to Gavin fucking Belson?I'm afraid so.Richard, are... you okay?Uh, yes. Just putting something away.Yep.Not crazy.Opposite.Richard, you gotta letme in. I have your shoe.All right, I'm... I'msorry to barge in here,but you have to eatsomething or you'll...Hello?Uh, hi, it's Richard...Hendricks. Richard Hendricks.I'm here for Gavin Belson,and we really need to talk.