We assumed that Jian Yang's appwas camera-based.No, my app is a SeeFood.Like a food...- That you can see.- That you can see.Oh, "see food."S-E-E food.SeeFood has to be great.My job depends on it.Uh, you guys,Gavin Belson just got fired!"Belson violated Hooli protocolin the acquisitionof a company that containedtoxic assets."Oh, that's us!So, you're telling methat the perfect applicationof my algorithm belongsto Gavin fucking Belson?- Oh, hey.- Did you get into Stanford?They said they liked my story.Why is my name on the board?Oh, no...I know it's the middleof the night.I really just needfive minutes of your time.Okay.- Holy shit.- What happened?I was workingthrough some issues.Mind the glass.What the fuck is this?It's a license...for your peer-to-peercomputer communication patent.It's... It's very standard stuff.Essentially, in exchangefor your patent,you would geta royalty and equityin the new companythat I'm starting up.So if you just, uh,sign thereby the Post-It note,and I will take it and leave,and you will never see me again.Are you joking?Uh, well, I guesswe could hang out.Richard, stop talking.I was just oustedfrom my own company,a company I builtfrom the ground up.My legacy is in ashes.Oh. Come on, I wouldn't...I wouldn't say that.Well, The Wall StreetJournal said that.Oh? I lost everything becauseof something you did,and you're here at 3:00 a.m.asking me for a favor?Really? You're a mean person,Richard. Do you know that?You are a bad guy.No. No, no, no.I wouldn't say that.I think, maybe, what's happening isthat you're just not understandingthe technologyI'm trying to build here.Oh, so now I'm stupid, too?I know whatthe technology is, Richard.I have a patent on it.What the fuck isa matter with you?So you're not gonna sign it?No, I'm not gonna sign this!Jesus! You're a fucking sadist,you know that?You're demented!I'm almost temptedto let you have a run at itjust to watch you wasteyour fucking time.This technology did not workwhen Peter theorized it,and it doesn't work now.It-It, um...It actually does work now.It does.Oh, really?When did the lawsof physics change?When I exceeded the theoreticallimit of compression at TechCrunch.You were there.I know I was there!Thank you for bringing upthat very painful memory!Okay.Can I...Can I just...What?Draw on this?Sure, why not? It'sshattered, just like I am.I read Peter's notes,all of them,and he knew that a peer-to-peerInternet was possible in the future,but he was also basing that on,what, old desktop computers.He never, ever foresawthe ubiquity or powerof all of our modern-daysmartphones.He was also dealing with acompletely different Weissman limit.So... uh, yeah.Yeah. Okay.What is that?Is that number correct?The deltain mean device efficiency?Yeah, it is.See, eventually, over time,this will render every serverthat Hooli operates obsolete,which would makeJack Barker shit himself.Holy shit!You know what?Actually, I'm gonna...Welcome to the future, Gavin.Whoa!Oh, no. Oh, no.Son of a bitch!I... I'm sorry.Wow, Dinesh, this front-enddesign looks great.Thank you.Nice work.What's in that?That is a burrito for the test.Good to know.Oh.Let him have it.Gilfoyle thoughthe was too goodto work on SeeFood,and now he'sabout to lose a fortune.Okay. Ready for test.After you, milady.Oh, this is weird. Mia just textedme "Good luck with the demo."Did any of you guystell her about this?Your hacker girlfriendwouldn't happen to knowthe model of our router,would she?Yeah, actually, she...complimented your choice.Why didn't you say anything?Why would I tell you she saidsomething nice about you?Damn it.We have to assumeshe's everywhere.Okay. It's ready.Please, God.What would you say if I told youthere is an app on the ma...We're past that part!Just demo it.Okay. Let's startwith a hot dog.Oh shit.- Yes! Oh!- It works.- Motherfuck!- Huzzah!Jian-Yang, my beautifullittle Asiatic friend,I'm going to buy youthe palapa of your life.We will have 12 posts,braided palm leaves.You'll never feel exposed again.I'm gonna be rich.Fuck you, Gilfoyle.Do pizza.Yes, do pizza.- Yeah.- Do pizza.Pizza."Not hot dog"?Wait. What the fuck?Huh?That's... that's it?It only does hot dogs?No, and "not hot dog."Give me that.Give it to me.Jian-Yang.Motherfuck.I gave you the abilityto spin gold,and instead,you've spun pubic hairwith shit in it, and graveland corn... Hold on, hold on.Jian-Yang's actually put togethera pretty good classifier.You know? I mean,the core tech is valid.It just... It justneeds to be trained.So, what he did for hot dogs,he needs to repeatfor every food in existence?No, that's very boring work.That's scraping the Internetfor thousands of food pictures.You can... you canhire someone else.We can't, because we just spenta big fat stack of cashon little Dinesh over here.And there are other expenses...Legal, marketing,operating fees,those goddamn AWS charges.Fucking Bezos.And so, we do not have the fundsto hire scut workersto do your scraping for you.And thus, you willscrape the Internet.You and you alone.I'm sorry, the time to back out wasbefore you signed the term sheet.I'm gonna tell Laurie thatthis was a smashing success.Go make it one.Erlich was right.You are a white witch.Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.Oh.Good. Yes, you are all here.Um, I think it's probably timewe all had a chat.About what?Well, I'm pretty sureyou're all...wondering where I've been.You were gone?Yes, I was gone all week.I saw you come outof the shower yesterday.Okay. Well, obviously, I'vebeen sleeping here at night,but I've been goneduring the day.Pretty sure that showerwas in the morning.That's part of the day, Richard.Okay, Gilfoyle, I-I... I've beensleeping here at night,and then I've been herefor some mornings,but I'm... I've left thehouse during the day.We all leave the houseduring the day, Richard.That's not weird.I went to get coffeethis morning.Yeah, I went to the dispensary,and then I'd smokedthe weed before I got home,so I went backto the dispensary.You know what?I just realized I haven't leftthe house in six days.Now that's worth exploring.Okay, I get it. Look.Every day this week,I have been...at Gavin Belson's house.What? Gavin has offered togo into business together.But, look, I just camethere for the patent,and he was the one whowanted to be full partners.What did you say?We talked about it,and we agreedthat it would bethe best thing to do.Oh, good Lord.Richard... no.Guys, look, I have the patent.I also have fundingand real, genuine insightto the whole thing.Let's not forget herethat Gavin isa co-founder of abajillion-dollar tech company.Are you outof your fucking mind?When you don the skin of thebeast, the man within dies.What is that? Nietzsche?One of the boys at my grouphome always said that.He died.You're not pulling Dineshoff SeeFood.And I am not leaving SeeFoodto go workfor Gavin fucking Belson.I'm not asking you to.You're not?Guys, do you not rememberthe last time we talkedabout us all workingwith Gavin Belson?Gilfoyle, you told meto chortle your balls,and everybody elsewalked out of the room.I know how much you hate him,which is exactly why I told Gavinif we were gonna do this thing,that you guyswouldn't be coming with.So we have hireda recruiter to...find people to replace you guys.Even me?Uh, well, no.You don't really needto be replaced.True, I can't be replaced.Well, when you left video chat,you did keep the rightsto the algorithm, so...I mean, it's weird,but I guess it's reallynone of our business.It's my fucking business.I now own ten percent...Five percent, actually.What?Ten percent of my halfof the company is five percent.But, I mean, look, your shares aregonna be worth a whole lot morethan they ever would, now with thepatent and Gavin being involved, so...So then we're all good here,I guess, right?I think that's right.Weird.All right. Well,thanks for understanding.Uh, you're welcome.I don't think we need tobe afraid of the Wi-Fi.It's pronounced "wifey,"and clearly you don'tunderstand the threat levelof the person that you'resexually disappointing.We're going hardwire.What about for my phone?You mean the thingthat tracks your movementand every interaction you have?Literally, your fingerprint?The secondyou're on Wi-Fi,it's like you're leavingher alone with your phone.So, actually leaving heralone with my phone...that would be bad?You fucking idiot.I was in the bathroom.For how long?A while.Really?Who's that?Oh, Richard's meetingwith Brett Saxby.From Hooli?Formerly. The recruitersent him over.He's interviewing himfor head of engineering.Why? That guy sucks.Why is Richard in therewith Brett Saxby?I mean, he wasin Gavin's inner circle.Is Richard aware of that?Is anyone taking notes?Does Richard even have a pen?That is so funny.It's 10:00 a.m.Why are they drinking beer?Because he sucks.Did Dick say who elsehe was meeting with?The recruiter sent hima whole big list right there.Gonna be late for class.Ooh, how's that going?Oh, it's okay.I'm just a little nervousI might run outof material soon.We already watchedthe Facebook movie,A.I., The Net,and half of Tron.Which Tron?What? No. Tron.There's two Trons.Oh, shit.That's awesome.It should get methrough another week. Thanks.This entire listis a shit show of shitheads.Why would Richardtrust a recruiterto source him recruits?It doesn't make sense.Huh.What?You guys seemlike super investedin who Richard hires to workwith Gavin Belson, that's all.Are you insinuating jealousy?This is just concern forRichard's vision. Mm-hmm.If Richard wants to saddlehimself with mediocrity...go for it.You did not.I swear to God, bro.I swear to God.Well, I'll tell you what.Next time you bust outthe old Sea-Doo,give me a call.Good.Guys, you know Brett.Nope.Uh, it's great to meet you guys.We've met.Uh, okay. Well, ithas been a pleasure.I shall walk you to your car.All right. Uh, After me. Yeah.Yeah, yeah.Okay.I hate him.Gentlemen, I just paidthe palapa contractor.The palapa piper, so to speak.The dream is a reality.We'll no longer be exposed...to the elements.Hey, Erlich.You wanna guess who'son this list of availablesthat Richard just gotfrom his recruiter?Who?Your boy, Jian-Yang.What?What?Jian-Yang!You already havea fucking job, Jian-Yang.You have to finish SeeFood.Now get to food scraping.I fucking hate SeeFood.I have to lookat different hot dogs.There's Chinese hot dogs,Polish hot dogs, Jewish hot dogs.It fucking stupid.Well, here.Here's one more for you.See? "Hot dog." It doesn'teven fucking work right.Then you should hire someoneusing company money,not build a roof over nothing.The palapa was budgeted for,Jian-Yang.That's what you dowhen you get funding,you upscale your workspaceto help with recruiting.You just saidyou recruit no one.Because we spentall the money on upscaling.Why... Why is thisso confusing?You're stealing. If youcan steal, I can quit.I have meetingsat Periscope, Airbnb.Good companies.The fuck you do.We still have $150,000of Raviga's money left.That's three months of burn.So, until we are dick up andflat broke, this is your life.Get to it.This is no life.I want to live.Erase that dick picture.You've got mail.Yes.Those are very powerful words.Sorry.No, no. It's okay.Your phone hastechnology inside it,so you're double-learning.Jian-Yang,what in the good fuck is that?It's called business expense.You buy a hut.I... buy a car.You say, "Keep doing SeeFooduntil money is gone."Now, the money is gone.Dick...is up.Where'd you get those sunglasses?Did they come with the car?These are from your mom.Listen, Jian-Yang, you can't just blowthe rest of our runway on a Corvette.Who's gonna scrape the Internet?Twelve-speaker sound system.It's very loud, very expensive.The fuck was that?Oh, just three monthsof runway being driven offby 90 pounds of asshole.Spoken by a 280-poundpile of shit.The fuck are you gonna do now?Professor Bighetti,a word if you please?Richard...I know it's noneof my business...but I worked with thatBrett Saxby fellow at Hooli.He's a talented engineer,but in an office environment,he can be both tardy and fresh.Uh, I'm...I'm not hiring him.He uses spaces not tabs.I see. Okay.Well, that's a relief.But, Richard, what aboutthe next Brett Saxby?Or the Brett Saxby after that?And even if you vet them all,you are stillin a room with Gavin.So? We're partners.What's your point?He and his...His posseof... of banditsand cutthroatswill turn on you in a second.You need me...the half-crazed,half-Apachewho will do anythingto get your back.I'll scalp Gavin if I have to,and all the rest of thosepaleface sons of bitches.I'll kill them with knives.I'll kill them with guns.I'll kill them with my hands.I'll talk them into suicide.It doesn't matter.All right, Jared, I... I thinkwhat you're asking is...you want a job?If you think you canfind a place for me...Yeah, of course, Jared.Yeah?You're more than welcometo work on this.But just to be clear, you're notgonna stab anyone, are you?Oh, it feels good to laugh.So... So,that's a no then?Richard.So, we're not gonna finishthe movie?Yeah, sorry, but my colleaguehere was pretty adamantthat a better use of class timemight be to learnwhile accomplishing something.Now take one, pass itall the way down.We're supposed to scrape the Internetfor thousands of food images?Yeah. So you'll find, like, fiveor 30,000 pictures of your food,and then put them in a folderwith that food's name on it.And it's good if you get,like, weird anglesor lighting of your food.So it should be pretty fun.So we're gathering training datato run througha convolutional neural net.Like an image classifier?Who wants broccoli?Broccolini for the ladies?Broccoli.Just so you know, this doesnot mean I don't trust her.I'm just doing this so you'll,like, shut up and leave me alone.Mia, if you're listening,you're so pretty.Oh, you're bothheaded to Gavin's?Indeed we are.Together again.Butch Cassidy and his headof business development.Oh, wow,another Western reference.Yaw!Let's go.You know, he'd hire you, too.What?All you have to do is admitthat you want the job.And, like, get downon your knees and beg.Says the guywho's romancing a womanthrough a phonethat isn't even on.A woman that he describedto me in privateas a skinny little fuck factory.Oh, no, I didn't. God.Mia, I would never do that.Richard, Brett Saxby ranmy data analytics teamfor three years.Respectfully, I think passingon him is a mistake.Yes. Well, uh,I met with Brett Saxby,and, um...to be honest...To be honest, I don't...I don't think he's our man.Fair enough. There are plenty ofgood alternatives on this list.Although, I'm a little confused byyour notes on some of these people."David Burnham. Annoyingslob, fucked-up face.I could write better Pythonwith my asshole."You know what? I think...I think you have my list.Yes, I havea very weird shorthand.Yeah.Okay, next.Becca Th...No, guys, that goesin the... the sunroom.I'll show you. All right.Back in a flash.Come this way,gentlemen. Here.God, there are pagesof graphic insults here.Fucking Gilfoyle.Right?Richard, would you be open tohaving Gilfoyle on the team?Well, yeah, of course. I mean,I'd hire him in a second,but he'd never do it.Richard, Gilfoyle isa man of intense pride.So, when he refersto a potential employeeas a "pig-facedfuck nose,"what I hear is"I need to be needed."Well, what I hear is"pig-faced fuck nose."Exactly.I mean, Gilfoyle's insultsare normally well crafted,almost poetic.Last week, he referred to me as"Frankenstein's bulimic daughter."Yeah, I get what you mean.So what do you want meto do, Jared, beg him?Well, I... I thinka little outreachwould be in the company'sbest interest.Really? "Butt-dick"?The man's in pain.Hey, I know this systemis super confusing,but we don't seeany completed assignments.Cut the shit.Where's the work?Well, we all got to talkingthe other day after class.We couldn't figure outif you were, like, a TAor why you weregiving us assignments,but we all agreedwe didn't like the waythat you were speakingto Professor Bighetti.I'm used to it. So we searchedyour name on PitchBook,and that SeeFood app you gotfunded at Raviga popped up.PitchBook? How do youhave access to PitchBook?Your idea was so simple.It was like something you could comeup with in the room during a meeting.Which is what Garrettfrom Coleman Blair told usat the CS undergrad mixeron Friday.Hey, Erlich.Here I am.Class of '06.Go Cardinal.Go Cardinal.Anyways, we founded our ownShazam-for-food company,and he's funding us.Mm-hmm.Whoa, congrats!Wait, that's stealing.No. It's exactly what MarkZuckerberg did to the Winkle guyin that Facebook movie ProfessorBighetti had us watch.And he was the heroof that film.And with allof us working together,we'll easily beat you to market.So, that's howit goes, huh? Hmm?You steal a man's idea,rendering his company worthless.I've read a number of disparagingarticles about your generationIt's all true.Fuck you!Professor Bighetti,I'll see you at home.You apologize?In this case, yes, I apologize.Who am I to advise youon your very valuable company?It's time to let you go,like a bird.So, go out there without me.Make your recipe app.Take your meetings.Live.That being said...since there's no cashto buy me out,I propose this:allow me to keep the palapaand give me the 'Vette.You're cashing out?Dinesh, stay outof this, please.Car and hut for ten percent?It's a palapa.Okay. It's a deal.You know, the car was a mistake.I was driving nextto a store window,and I stop and lookin my reflection.I looked like an asshole.Yes, I'm sureit was just the car.A little piece of adviceregarding American culture,a Corvette takes a certain sortof man to be able to pull off.Like a fedora.Anyway, keys?Oh, and now thatI'm out of the company,you'll need to tell Monicawhat transpired.Thank you.Gentlemen, I'm off to beout and about in the 'Vette.Be back for supper,that is, of course,unless I get fucked to deathby the fairer sex.Gilfoyle, Richard would likea moment, if you don't mind.Do you guys need meto go somewhere else?No, it's fine. You can stay.You can hear this.Okay, well, Gilfoyle, I havereviewed the candidates,and it is very clear to me thatour company cannot succeedwithout your unrivaled talentsas a systems architect.So, would you please,please, please...please come work for Pied Piper?Thanks for asking.I'm going to put thisas delicately as I know how.You can chortle my balls.Okay, well...so who do we wantto run front-end dev?"Cunt-ass" or..."Fuck-jerk"?Listen.This thing with Gavinisn't gonna work without me,so, because I feel bad for youand I'd hate to seeyou fuck up good tech,which will happenif I'm not there,I'm willing to help you.That's a beautiful gesture.So, you're back aboard.FYI, Becca Thorton isa cancerous prolapsed anusof a human being,but as a systems engineer,she's not all bad.Laurie?Oh! Yes.Monica, come in.I just heard the good news.About?Jian-Yang's nimble pivot.Back awayfrom the glass, please.Special occasion.He told me the whole story.His interview at Periscope,his discovery of a photo ofBachman's genitals on his phonewhen demonstrating the app,and his eureka momentwhen it turned outthat his"not hot dog" technologyout-performed Periscope'sown technology.He said all that?Not quickly.The eventual point,Jian-Yang unwittingly craftedan amazing toolfor the real-time detectionand filtering of penile imagery.And Periscope does havea dick problem.Monica.Jian-Yang wentto Periscope for a joband walked out with a$4-million acquisition offer.Given ourliquidation preference,we have 10 X'ed in two weeks,so hats off...Well, thank you so much.To Ed Chen for his shrewd call,both to invest in thisand make you lead.He is quite astute,which is why we have promotedhim to senior partner.Yeah.Monica, you've got Erlich.I'm herewith Jian-Yang,and he just told methat you tradedten percent of the companyfor a used car and a...A hut.A hut?A palapa, and so what?What do you mean it'sa half-a-million-dollar palapa?Erlich, is the refrigeratorrunning?This is Mike Hunt,and he's rich.Shit!Oh, hey, when you beggedRichard for the job,did you actually, like,literally lick his boots,or did you just go like,"Pretty please, Richard.Please can I havea job, Richard?"Whatever I did, it was worth itfor the chanceto work without you.Speaking of, did your dealwith Periscope ever close?Yep. If I stay a year, I vesta big chunk of Twitter stock.Great.Great.And... what exactlyare you working on?Oh, you know, we're tuning...our algorithm.We're reconfiguring our...classifier from food to...another purpose.Uh-huh. In other words, you sit aroundand look at dick pics all day long.Don't let me stop you.Wow.I would say,"Not safe for work,"but this is your work...for a year...at least.Is that one...actually a hot dog?No.Not hot dog.So in building thispeer-to-peer internet,- uh...- Everything okay?I don't know. Is it?Regular transfusionsof the bloodof a physically fit donorcan significantly retardthe aging process.And Bryce isthe picture of health.He looks likea Nazi propaganda poster.Oh.Tequila shots at a baby shower.Monica, this is nota baby shower.This is a coup.Get in before you get cut.What are you talking about?You said it yourself.You either bro down,or you go down.I didn't say anythingclose to that.