Jian Yang!- You have to finish SeeFood.- This is fucking stupid.Oh, here's one more for you.Jian Yang unwittingly craftedan amazing tool forthe real time detectionof penile imagery.I would say "not safe for work,"but this is your work...for a year...at least.Her name is Mia,and she is a-mia-zing.I did sex on her.Mia is a legit hacker.What do you think she'll doif you try to break up with her?Potentially this will renderevery server obsolete.Holy shit!You know what? Actually,I'm gonna...Welcome to the future, Gavin.Whoa. Oh, no. Oh, no!- Son of a bitch!This is whereit all began, gentlemen.The birthplace of Hooli.Peter Gregory's mother's garage.That was Peter's workstation.This was mine.Things sure have changed.But in a way,they've stayed exactly the same.As we forgeour new path together,we must remain focusedon what's really important...Not material success or wealth,but this, the spiritof innovation...A few coders, someramen, and a dream.And that is whyI brought you here.All right. Let me show youthe rest of the place.Ah. You've got a garageinside your garage.Impressive.I'll move you in as soon asconstruction is complete.It's going to be exquisite.Frank Gehry hasreally outdone himself.Yeah. Frank is the fucking best.He does all my buildings.- Okay, guys.- We're all set up.Shall we?Yes! Let's do it,of course.All right. So, in buildingthis peer-to-peer Internet,the paradoxthat we're up against isthat people won't want to participateuntil the quality is high,and the qualitywon't be high until, um...and the quality won't be highuntil we have a lot of peopleopt in to the network,so that presents a littlebit of a-a... a unique...Continue.Oh. Uh, okay.It presents a bitof a problem what withthat we kind of needto build... Oh.Uh...Richard, everything okay?I don't know. Is it?Oh, sorry. Guys, Bryce.Bryce, guys.Uh, actually, we've met.Oh. Hey, Donald.Uh, it's Jared now.- So, Gavin.- Bryce is...?Very discreet.Keep going.This is great.Uh, is Bryce your assistant?No, of course not. He'smy transfusion associate.Which is?Are you really not familiarwith parabiosis?Can't say that I am.Well, the science isactually pretty fascinating.Regular transfusions of the bloodof a younger, physically fit donorcan significantly retardthe aging process.And Bryce isa picture of health.Just look at him. He lookslike a Nazi propaganda poster.Oh.This is quite the baby shower.I bet you think you'resome big swinging dick,now that you're getting invitedto all these fancy VC soirees.Yes. My dick isvery enormous...and my app made Ravigaa lot of money.And I still pay no rent.Nobody likes a braggart,Jian-Yang.Hey, guys.Hello. Congratulations.You're pregnant.No, no, no. No, she...No, she... No, no.Uh-uh.FYI, Monica,my invite must have gottenlost in the e-mail,but young Jinathinwas kind enoughto add meas his plus-one.Don't look at me.This is all Ed Chen's doing.Is that Aarush Agrawal?Mm-hmm.I thought he retired.He's still on the board.What would a cofounderof Raviga be doing...at a baby shower?How often is he even in the building?Like once a year.Ed Chen threw this whole thingjust to suck up to Laurie.Monica...this is not a baby shower.This is a coup.What are you talking about?Ed Chen didn't throw thisparty to impress Laurie.He threw it to oust her.Invite all thesemisogynistic A-holeswho think that pregnancyis a weakness,convince themthat she's shirkingher responsibilities at Raviga.You said it yourself,there's more dick in herethan a synthetic pussyconvention.I didn't sayanything close to that.No?No.Regardless, Ed Chenand Aarush are bro'ing down.I suggest you get inbefore you get cut out.You see this guy?Tequila shots at a baby shower.You want me to jointhe frat house?Unfortunately,in this climate, Monica,you either bro down or you go down.Monica.Laurie is also pregnant.Jian-Yang, are youdrinking creamer?It's half-half.Which brings us to our onefinal, crucial question.What value can we offernow to the userto entice them to download theapp and opt in to our network?And the answer is...the brand-newPied Piper app.The app will takeall of the dataon a person's phoneand compress it,freeing up20 percent more storage.They can have halfof that free memory,while we will takethe other half,walled off on their phone,for our own future use.- It's a win-win.- Mmm.That's very well thought out.Well done, gentlemen.So, when do we announce?Announce what?Richard, when I dosomething, it's news.Don't you thinkyou want to lean into that?We'll announce,rack up huge user interest,and then do a massivepublic launch at scale.Uh, no. We planned thisunder the assumptionthat it would berolling out quietlyand not really talkingabout our ultimate intentions.Besides, rolling out at scaleis a completely different modelwith vastly different technicaland business challenges.And we're not prepared for that.No. I think we'd all agreethat a... a stealth rolloutwould be best for this one.Mmm.Bryce?Did you have a thought?Uh, well...you know, it just seemslike a missed opportunity.I mean, shouldn't you figure outhow a big launch would workbefore you just say no to it?Hmm.Or... Or not.You know, it's not my company.That is so true.You know, Richard,Bryce makes a good point.Why don't you guys just whip upan alternate launch planwith a big public rollout, and thenwe can compare apples to apples.Gavin, all-all...All due respect.This plan tooktwo weeks to develop.Hard work is the priceof greatness,so let's get to work.Woo!Well, this meeting wasjust absolutely fucking great!Richard, Donald...Goldfoil!Woo!Go team!Woo!Uh... the fuckjust happened?Hey, Bryce?Yeah?Wh... uh, next time you're ata meeting of our company,of which you are not apart of in any respect,can you please keepyour little ideas to yourself?I'm... I'm sorry. I'm just...I'm just trying to be helpful.Well, you weren't, at all.I mean, we had him on our side,because I'd basicallyjust convinced Gavinthat a stealth rolloutwas the best idea.Uh, you know, well, I...It's just a stealth rollout doesn'tsound like the way to go to me.What-What... What areyou talking about?I mean, Gavin has obviously had alot more success than you, Richard,and I just think havingan asset like Gavin Belsonon your side...What'd you say?You dick!Whoa!You dick! You dick!Okay.Whoa. All right.Fuck you!Okay. It's okay.I'm sorry. I'm sorry.It's okay. It's okay.This is alreadythe best job I ever had.I don't know what to say.I am so, so sorry.I just couldn't let Brycetalk to you like that.- Did I frighten you?- No.Fuck him, right?And fuck Gavin.I mean, what, we take his orders now?He's our boss?We're supposed to be partners,you know, like equals. Right?And what?He's taking the adviceof that stupid,little pretty boy over me?Wait. He has a garagein his garage?And he has a yachtwith a pool on itand a pool with a yacht in it.And he has a real,live blood boy.What? He hasan actual blood boy?That's real?Yeah, he's real.Real mouthy.I mean, he's stickinghis perfectly symmetrical faceinto actualsmart people's business.I mean, that Ken doll probably thinkstraversing a binary search treeruns in the order of "n,"instead of "log n." Idiot.Jared called him a dick.Seriously?To his face? No.- Yeah.- That sounds awesome.But it's probably nothing comparedto the thousands upon thousandsof gnarled male genitalsthat you get to seeevery day at your job.Fuck.Hey.Hi.Brought you some dinner, 'Neshi.Thank you."'Neshi"?Shut the fuck up, Gilfoyle.You just missed these idiotstelling me how hardthey're selling outby workingfor fucking Galvin Belsonin his disgusting lap of luxury.Seriously, how can youwork for that asshole?My man, the Gavin Killer,would never compromisehis principles for money.Oh, no?No, he would not.And he is busydoing the rewarding workof keeping the Internet freeof graphic sexual imagery.Hey, can we eat later?Of course.I'm gonna goput this in the fridge.Okay. Yeah. Thank you.Hey, you actuallystill haven't told herthat your takedown ofGavin Belson... Shh!- Was an accident?- - It hasn't come up.We were just talkingabout him...with her, so it did come up.Just...Gavin. Hello.Hey, could you...Richard, did you and a memberof your team verbally assaultmy transfusion associate?Do you have any ideawhat that kind of stresscould do to his cortisol levels?And therefore,my cortisol levels?Y... Yeah. Well, uh, he's nottechnically in the company,and he kindof just butted in, so...Is your ego so fragilethat if someonedisagrees with you,you have to demean them?I want you to go and apologizeto Bryce immediately.Why should I apologize?Why should I be in businesswith someone who treats supportstaff with such contempt?You can tell a lotabout a person's characterby how they treatthe little people, Richard.I bet you're meanto waiters, too.What? No.I'm... I'm awesome to waiters.Well, then I suggest yoube awesome to Bryce, too.His blood is flowingthrough my veins, Richard.Make this right.Fucking blood boy.What do you want, Richard?Bryce, I wantedto swing by and apologizefor yelling at youwhen you offeredyour very unsolicited opinion.Also, on behalf of Jared,we mean no disrespect to youor your career choice. Okay?My career choice?You think that I moved outhere to be a blood boy?Did you know I have a degree in CS?You do?Yeah, but you probably thought that Iwas just, you know, some dumb jock.Well, that's typical, becausepeople who look like me,we never get taken seriouslyin the tech businessby people who look like you.You're biased.Whoa. Hang on.I am not biased. Okay?Aw, come on! Hey, thewhole business is biased!I mean, that's the only waythat a good-looking guy like mecould get in a room with GavinBelson, is by being a blood boy!And that sucks. I... I gotto work out constantly.I can't have a beer with my friends.I can't eat junk food.Do you know that Gavinmade me go full veg?I mean, fuck soy, man!But to people like you, I'mjust a beautiful bag of blood.But you know what? I got somepretty good fucking ideas,and Gavin actually listensto those ideas.It took a while,but he respects me.And you know what,Richard Hendricks?You clearly fucking don't.So good night.W...Hey, look,it's Osama Bin Fuckin'.Thought you were stayingat Mia's tonight.I was going to, but, alas, Ihad some intestinal distress,so I couldn't stay, which reallysucks because she's so great,which really is horrible,because it's so hardto be away from her, becauseshe's so great. Can I contin...I have no diarrhea.I lied.I am so fucked.This girl is gonna kill meor get me killed.Do tell.So, she's super attractive, and she'ssuper smart, and she's way into me,like way more thana normal person should be.And sex!There's so much sex!The problem is the part after.When you have to apologize.No. When we dopillow talk.Oh. That's the best part.Everything before thatis just foreplay.Not with her. She'lltell me how cute I am,and how into me she is,and how she hackedinto Bowman Avenue dam.That was the IranianRevolutionary Guard.No. It was her.She pinned it on them.She flooded an area beingsurveyed for hotel construction.Just to confirm, honesty isoff the table, right?Because it seems likethe longer you wait,the... the worseit's gonna get.I'm with Jared.You should wait.I have to end it, right now.First thing Monday.Mmm.Well, Saturday isher sister's wedding.And then Sunday... you know, Sundaysare just for me, you guys know that.Wait. Her sister's wedding?That's what you shouldbe afraid of. Why?That's a threshold thatyou don't want to cross.Well, I mean, weddings arevery public eventswith photographerstaking pictures of youindelibly tied to her.Those are forever photos.Forever.Fuck.Hey, guys.I'm trying to find Erlich.Is he... "holding"?I'm afraid you caught meat an inopportune time.I'm long overdue to a tripto my dispensary,so I don't have much.But I have Bubba Kush,Chocolate Thunder, Barbara Bush,Barbara Streisand,Barbara Bush, Jr...Yeah, this...This is plenty.No, no. That... That'sactually for my astigmatism.Okay.This is in caseof emergency only.I'll need itif an earthquake occurs.Okay. Just give me whatever.I don't care.It's not for me.It's for Ed Chen.What are you up to, clever girl?Well, I took your advice.It wasn't pretty, but, uh, Ibro'ed down with him pretty hard.I mean,I think I did. It's...To be honest, I waskind of all over the map.I shotgunned a warm beer,and then I acted all blown awaywhen he showed me 40 minutesof snowboarding videosset to Diplo remixes.Good on you.But it worked.I'm in. Ed coppedto everything,and said that as long as Idon't say anything to Laurie,I have a seat at the table. Huh.Wait. Did he say that?Those were his exact words?You'll have a seatif you don't tell Laurie?Yeah. So?Oh, dear. That does notbode well for you.What do you mean?Well, if Ed Chen is afraid ofyou saying anything to Laurie,then that means that the dealisn't solidified yet.He doesn't have the votes.Unfortunately for you,that would meanyou may have put your moneyon the wrong horse.So you mean Laurie still has achance to survive this coup?Well, then why did you say Ishould bro down with Ed Chen?I say a lot of things, Monica.I say a lot of things.Um...I know you thinkI'm some sortof crusading badasswho built a ticking time bomband slipped it to GavinBelson to bring him downas retributionfor his wrongdoings.But the truth is,because of my gross incompetenceduring my brief and utterlydisgraceful tenure as PiperChat CEO,I incurred billions ofdollars in COPPA finesby exploiting underage users,and was savedonly by my own cowardice,which led to methrowing up on myself.Anyway, I'll show myself out.I'm so proud of you.It took gutsfor you to tell me this.Oh, no, no, no,it didn't actually.I knew all about this.I hacked into your phonethe first night we were togetherwhen you were in the bathroom.I was in there a while.I was hoping that onceI earned your trust,you'd feel comfortabletelling me.And you finally did!I did.This may sound crazy, but ifyou hadn't by this weekend,I was actually considering disinvitingyou from my sister's wedding.No way.But you trusted mewith your big secret.So I'll trust you with anotherof mine.Oh, no, you don't have to.You don't. Shh-shh! Shh!I hacked the elevatorsat the Freedom Tower.No.Fucking kill me and send meto the horrors of heaven.It'd be better than this shit.Guys, I know this has beena ton of work,and we wouldn't have to do it ifpretty boy kept his mouth shut,and the stealth launchis still clearly the play,but now we can show Gavin thatwe fleshed out both options.And we can still pushthe space-saving app...and not talk about our newInternet until we're ready.Ahoy, gents.Geary Street.What, you're eatinghealth food now?Can you imagine?Geary Street Organics isnot a health food store?Richard, you are a stitch.No, it's my dispensary.I mean, they havesome edibles there.They're not very healthy.Fucking blood boy.Hey.Hey.Uh, yeah. I was walkingaround your 'hood,and I thought I'd swing by,and we could talk about tech,you know, 'cause we bothknow so much about it.Cool.Oh, man.I-I... I don't knowif you know this,but you... your eyesare super red right now.Oh, yeah?Yeah, I have allergies.Really?This time of year? Huh.Uh, hey, um,look, w... what are doing?Oh, just... just hanging, man.Why? You paranoid?Paranoid? No.You know, Bryce,I got to be honest,I'm a little hungry.Do you have anything to eat?Uh, just some creatine,protein powder, soy extract.Well, I'm kind of looking forsomething a little bit more sweet.Oh, Bryce!Yeah. That...That's not mine.That's for my guests.My... My fat guests.You know, the fella whoowns the house I live in,he buys food like this,because when he usesthe products he buysat the very samehealth food store you go to,he gets cravings...for food just like this.And this stuff isnot good for your blood.Geary Street Organics isn'ta food store, is it?It's a pot dispensary.Isn't it? Ha.I got you, Bryce!You fuckin' liar!You said you had a degree in CS.Well, bullshit.I checked.It's not Computer Science.It's "Calisthenic Studies."What? What?You listen to me, youmuscle-bound, handsome Adonis.Tech is reservedfor people like me. Okay?The freaks, theweirdos, the misfits,the geeks,the dweebs, the dorks!Not you.Oh, and your daysof leeching offGavin Belson are over.Game over, blood boy.You fuckin' nerd.Laurie?Look.I know you've been unhappywith me lately.Correct. Look. I'm asking youto trust me on something.Ed Chen has been making movesbehind your backwith the other partners to tryand force you out of Raviga.You are referringto the baby shower ruse.You knew about that? Monica,this is my fourth child.I am no stranger to thesetypes of machinations.However, I havecountervailed it with my...Your fourth child?Yes.As I was saying...I have spoken to our top IPsand lined up enough of them in orderto leave Raviga and start a new firm.It struck me as a opportunetime to jump ship.Holy shit!You're a fuckin' ninja.No.Even thoughyour disclosure just nowhad absolutelyno actionable value,it did revealtremendous loyalty,so... all is well now.So, you're not madat me anymore?No, Monica.I am a human being,just like you,like Ed Chen...and this.Furthermore...a question, Monica.Would you careto jump ship with me?You are, after all,my best friend.What?Oh... fuck.What are you guys doing?Hands behind your back, now!Get your hands off me!- Oh, um, I got it.- Ma'am, calm down.- You can't do this!- Let her go!I want my lawyer!And just take the cuffs off.What is the meaning of this?Dinesh, they're arresting me!What?Step back, sir.Good people of the FBI,I don't know what sortsof things you were toldor who told them to you...We may never know...But I can assure youthat this young woman is...Gavin. I'm sorryto drop in on you,but I happened to have a veryenlightening conversationwith your"transfusion associate."So did I.S... S... Sorry?Come in, Richard.Oh wow.It's all broken... again.Mind the glass.Okay.He's writinga tell-all?Apparently, he landeda very lucrative dealto air my dirty laundryover the years.He said it washis only career move left.I told you, Richard,everything I do is news.But didn't he sign an NDA with you?I mean, can't you sue him?That would only prove everything he'ssaying is true and make it worse.Speaking of, I had my bloodtested this morning.My cholesterol isthrough the roof.At this rate, I'll be deadby the age of 120.Oh, no. That...I'm so sorry.No. Richard, I'm sorry.I told you thata big public rolloutof our product would begood for the company.The truth is, I thought itwould be good for me...to change the narrative thatI'm a fraud and a failure.Come on, Bryce is the fraud.And yet, I sat here takingbusiness advice from him.A fucking blood boy.Just look at me.I'm a fraud,and everyone knows it.And when I fell, not oneperson stood up for me.What does that say?I just think it's allover for me now.No, it's...It's not over. Look...I chose to partner with you.That... That says something.You didn't want me.You wanted the patent.If I had just given it to you,you would've walked out thatdoor and never looked back.Fuck it!I'm done.Done? No.No, Gavin, you're not...You're not done.I mean, what about our company?What about the new Internet?I don't know.I don't know.Gavin, uh...Fuck you, God!What have I doneto deserve this?Yes. CJ Cantwell, please.Something you wantto share with us, Richard?I take it you saw the interview?"Belson and Hendricksprepare to launcha Pied Piperproduct soon."So much for a stealth rollout.You went alongwith him after all.TechCrunch and Recode,and The Wall Street Journalpicked it up as well.I hate to invoke the Nazarene,but, Jesus Christ,what the fuck, Richard?Guys, in a world where...there is no Gavin Belson,yeah, the stealth rolloutwas the best play.But we need his patent,and his funding,and, also, we need his brain.I know this is going to bea shit-ton of work, but...Gavin is our partner. We need him engaged.I made the call.Well, sometimes you haveto make compromises.I mean, I once slept with the headof an assisted-living facilityto get my friend Murielbumped up the wait list.Am I proud of it? No.Do I regret it?I'm out!Oh my God. Oh!Out of what exactly?My relationship!The wedding got raided.The FBI got an anonymous tipabout Mia's hacking exploits.Can you believe that?Just my luck! I'm home free!You ratted your girlfriendout to the FBI,because you're too big of apussy to break up with her?I'll never tell,but yes, yes, I did.The FBI lady hit me in the face,so Mia's never goingto suspect me.Uh, Richard, now that Miaand I have parted ways,can I come work for you at Gavin's?Please, please, please.Well, uh, yes, Dinesh,of course.Uh, in fact, we justannounced, so climb aboard.Awesome! I'm going to go callPeriscope, tell them I quit.Best day ever.No more dick pics!Uh...Hello, Gavin.Richard, I readyour little article.What you saidmeans a great deal.I'm sure if the situation wasreversed, you'd do the same for me.Absolutely not. I would've let youbleed to death in the street.Oh.And that gives me pause.I have a lot of workto do, Richard.We all do, so get backon the saddle, you.No, Richard.I have a lot workI need to do on myself.I'm going away.For, like, the weekend or...?- No, Richard.- Many weekends.Weekdays as well.Where...Uh, hang on. There'ssomeone at the door.- I know.- I sent you something.Consider ita little parting gift.Good luck to you, Richard.It's from Gavin.What is it?It's the patent.He just signed overfull ownership to me.On the phone, he said he wasgoing to go find himself.I think... Gavin's gone.Well, what about his funding?And his brain?I think he tookboth of those with him.We got one more thing.All right!What has two thumbs,zero dick pics,and just quit Periscope?What the fuck is that?The biggest dick pic of all.You took our ideato Gavin Belson?That was my idea.You were just standing there.Pulling it out of you likea newborn baby.If doctor pulls a baby out ofa pregnant womanthe doctor doesn't get tothen keep the baby.Stop trying to change thesubject, Richard.We had a merger. All of ourinformation is on both phones.Whoa, whoa. What are you doing?Just looking at your veryembarrassingpersonal information.If you look at my shit,I'm gonna look at your shit.All right. Whoa, whoa.Easy now.I'll go balls deepon your inbox.If you've taken one selfie,I will find it.Ok.