♪ ♪You know what? Should we...- Fuck yeah.- Yeah. Yeah.Uh, yeah, I guess justput it in the garage.Oh. Uh, where I sleep?Yeah, it's just, it's theonly place with room.Okay. Uh, well, it'sgood to face your fears.I was scared of intruders tillI had one of those in my room,and then I realized, you know, if they'regonna kill me, they're gonna kill me.'Cause he kept...whispering that.All right.♪ Yeah, I alone love you ♪- Hey, Russ.- "Hey, Russ"?- Fuck you, Richard Hendricks!- Fuck me regarding?It's all over the blogs. Youtook our idea to Gavin Belson?Whoa. I'm sorry. Our idea?Yeah, the new Internet. Wecame up with that together,standing outside of my kid's school...former school.Uh, no, um, you told me to name an idea,and so I named one. That was myidea, you were just standing there.Yeah, pulling it out ofyou like a newborn baby.Okay, but, well, if a doctor pullsa baby out of a pregnant woman,the doctor doesn't getto then keep the baby.Okay, first of all, my ex-wifeis fucking the doctorthat delivered my son, andthey're suing for full custody,so you're wrong. Second ofall, this isn't a baby.Stop trying to changethe subject, Richard!Okay, well, uh, I had to go to Gavin,because he owned the patentwhich, as it turns out, hejust signed over to me.So, um, it's actuallygood that you're here,because... you want inand we need funding,especially since no VC in town willtouch us, not even Monica's new firm.So, Gavin pulls out, and you wantme to be your sloppy seconds.It's always aboutmy money, isn't it?Uh, well, you are an investor,so what else would it be about?- My idea!- It was my idea!Well, then fund it yourself.Fuck you, Richard Hendricks.Fuck you right in your little asshole,and not in the beautifulway, like Grandpa and Pedro.Uh, what the hell was that?That was the last wealthy guy in SiliconValley that would even fucking talk to us.Maybe I'll give him a day to cool off,try him again tomorrow or something.Not so sure about that.- Oh, come on.- Payback's a bitch,isn't it, Richard? Woo-hoo!I don't think he knowsthat's not your car.Real estate listings? What,are you looking to move out?No, I'm just taking alittle Redfin holiday.I find there's a certain escapistallure to real estate listings.I like that one.Too bad it's 10 times what I can afford,'cause, you know, I quitPeriscope to go workfor a company with zeroprospects, 'cause fuck me.Well, with preconstructionpricing, this one'sactually only six timesmore than you could afford.So now, let's go into Amazonand see what we could buy...with all those imaginary savings.Wait a minute.What if we don't needan investor at all?Fuck all these VCs.What if all we need is a customer?Customer for what? We haven'tbuilt the product yet.Well, uh, neither have allthose condo builders, right?I mean, they are offering a discountto people who buy before they build.We can do the same thing,but with data storage.That sounds like a scam.Well, no, it's actually common practice.It's how I bought my condo.The scam came afterwhen I rented to a squatterwho wouldn't leave.Granted, there's no shortageof huge corporationswith vast amounts of data,but it's highly risky.I mean, Richard, we'd beoffering to store dataon a network of cellphones beforewe built the app or the network.Yeah, but look, look, it's no more riskythan working with allthese crazy billionaires.I mean, Jack and his boxes.Gavin just fucked off to gofind himself who knows where.Peter died.Yeah, I guess that makes him crazy.The point is, if you don'tdraw the line in the sandwhen some guy pisses in yourcar, where do you, you know?Did someone piss in someone's car?Not literally, no. It's a, uh,It's a figure of speech, an old one.Ah, an adage.Anyway, uh, Jared, let's geta deck together on this.Aye, aye, Captain. And, uh,just word to the wise,often the first customer isthe hardest one to land.Wait. Customer? Are we pitching?- Yeah, looks like it.- Hot damn, Richie!Let's hit the road. We'regonna piss in everyone's car.Am I using that right?Medical groups, sales groups,insurance companies,Jared, yeah, good work here, really.Well, Gavin was right. His namecertainly opened a lot of doors.Ever since your announcement,everyone has heard of us.Jared, you didn't tell all these peoplethat Gavin was still workingwith the company, did you?Well, no, but I... I neverexplicitly said that he wasn't.- Was that wrong?- No, Jared, that's fine.The tech will speak for itself.It certainly will.Now, Richard, when weget into that room,let me do all the talking.And also the tech will talk.♪ ♪Wait. So Gavin's not coming?No, but we are.We've already come.Huh.♪ ♪Gavin left the company?Yes, um, but what's important...at least we think...is not whether Gavin is gone,but what brought him tous in the first place,and that's the tech.Uh-huh.♪ ♪Gentlemen, sorry to keep you waiting.I'm George Mandechian, CEO.I'm very excited to...He did? When?Okay.♪ ♪God damn it.I mean, if people would justlook at what we're offering,I think they'd be blown away.Perhaps we need a new angle.- I'll fake a seizure.- What?Pied Piper? Hi. I'm Liz Tinsdale,head of compliance hereat Fiduciated General.- Erlich Bachman.- And I'm, uh, Richard Hendricks.- Are we all here?- Yes, yeah, we are.Uh, sorry, full disclosure:uh, Gavin Belson has left the company.Oh. Oh, I see. Well...His loss. He won't be...sitting across from someone as charmingas yourself this afternoon, will he?Okay. Well, I mean, you didcome all the way here,so why don't you follow me? I'd followyou to the end of the Earth. Shall we?- What are you doing, hmm?- What?So, as you can see, yourdata will be even more secure,because it will be storedon multiple devices.And we can offer you avery competitive rate.You can expect to see storagesavings annually of... 25 percent.Wow. That's very impressive, all of it,but you guys have to understandthat companies like oursare particularly risk averse.Is it a slight Idaho accent, Liz?Oh. It's Montana, actually.- Even better. The big blue sky state.- Yeah.Well, I knew you had tohave come from above.Well, uh, speaking of heaven,that's probably whereyou'll think you arewhen you start saving 25percent on your data storage.Get an upgrade from there.Liz, you have beautiful skin.- Um, thank... thank you.- You, uh... yeah.Both of you.Listen, uh, I think Iknow what he's gonna say,but let me see if I canpull my CTO in here.Can you... reel it in a little?We're trying to make a businessdeal, not get you laid.I'm not trying to get laid, Richard.Clearly, she has a lot ofpent-up sexual energy,likely from working in this worm farm,so that's the angle I'm takingsince I'm not allowed to have a seizure.Besides, she's going to bat for us.You should be thanking me.The CTO is on the way in.Yes, because of the technologyand because of our business proposal.Look, can you just please, for once,keep your dick out of the equation?I really wish I could, butmy dick is the abacus- upon which this equation will be...- Guys.This is our CTO.Oh great.Oh, oh.Hello.I'm Dan Melcher. Nice to meet you.Yeah. Hello.Hi, Dan.- Do... Do you guys know each other?- No.I just said my name wasDan, that's how he knows.I don't need to waste anymore of your time with this.Why don't I-I... I'lltake this one from here.- Okay?- Oh. Yeah.What the fuck are you doing here?Very rude, Daniel.Although, what can we expectafter TechCrunch Disruptwhen you sucker punchedme in the God damn face?You fucked my wife.I fucked your wives. Plural.Both of them.Erlich, thecustomer is always right,so let's just leave it at "wife,"singular, and be done with it.Okay.I need you to listento me very carefully.It took me a very long, long timeto get back on my feet afterI got fired from Oracle,and... tech firms wouldn't touch me,but I've managed to finda home here, a life.Okay, it's insurance. It's not ideal,but, you know, it... it's something.And I don't care whatever itis that you're selling here.I'm not buying it.Well, it's a prettygroundbreaking technology.Oh, shut the fuck up.- Okay, yeah, d... uh...- Look at me.Never gonna happen. Okay?- Never going to...- Dan?Did you give the dogs theirmedicine this morning?Uh, no, was I supposed to?Yeah, because, remember,I had to go backto the restaurant to getyour card that you forgot.Uh, yep. Sorry.Um, I s... I mean, Iguess I could run home.- You two married?- Oh, not yet. We're engaged.- Well, it was nice to meet you both.- Bye now, Liz.- All right, bye, honey.- Bye.Oh, Dan.Dan, Dan, Dan.Dan Melcher? The guy whobeat the piss out of you?The very same.I looked him dead inthe eyes, and I said,"Daniel, I've fucked everywife you've ever had.Care to go three for three?"Needless to say, he did not.You don't come off in that storyas well as you think you do.So, to avoid beingthrice made a cuckold,he agreed to a deal?Well, uh, not yet. Melcheractually signed off on it,but his fiancée wanted to certifythat what we're trying to build complieswith their data-handlingand security protocols.We're reviewing it alltomorrow, actually.Ah, I can't wait.Tomorrow the real fun begins.- Uh, no. No. You're not coming.- Why not?Why not? Uh... jeez.Well, you fucked Dan's last wifethe night before he was ourjudge on the TechCrunch panel,with absolutely no regard forwhat that meant to the company.What it meant to the company was thatwe went to the finals, and we won.Because of the tech.We won because of the tech, remember?We're getting this dealbecause of the tech.I'm not letting you fuck this up, okay?I know you're lookingfor something to do,but this is not it.What do you mean, I'm lookingfor something to do?You're lucky that you'vegarnished this much of my time.I have plenty to do!Tons of lots of things!I have a thriving incubator.It is thriving.Isn't it?Fuck you, guys.♪ ♪Okay, so, how soon can wetest our app on a phone?Look, uh, about all this Erlich stuff...Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I-I... Idon't wanna talk about him...or think about him... ever again.Okay, look, I've...I've signed off.But, Richard, I need youto look me in the eye and tellme that this is gonna work,'cause if it doesn't,I'm completely fucked.It's... It's gonna work. I promise.- All right, well, look, I'm gonna step out.- Okay.- You're in good hands.- Okay. Okay.- Should we start with adjuster records?- Sure.You guys said you were proficientin video files, right?We were a... a video chatcompany for a while.Oh, that's exciting. Uh, yeah, I guess.It... It wasn't really for me.Um, in fact, actually, just as wewere taking off, I walked away.- Commitment issues?- Uh, I don't know.It's just I... I never really...thought that video chat was thebest use of our compression.Kind of felt like I wassettling, you know?- Ooh!- Settling.- Yeah, our company can grow in ways...- Oh, fuck.that we haven't even thought of yet.I mean, I was going tospend the rest of my lifejust wondering if therewas something better.That's not really a way to live.And, what, I'm gonna sayto all my friends, like,"Oh, this is how I'mspending my time," you know?Every morning I... I getup, and it's vidchat.Then I go to bed, and it's vidchat.Then I get up again, it's vidchat.I wanna kill myself, you know?Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I thinkI know what you mean.Yeah.So, what do you think, Erlich?You're the first personto see the place.I love the smell offresh Spackle and hope.Yep. Two more weeks andBream-Hall's in business.Even better that donkey Ed Chenand Raviga were so blindsided,they're running aroundwith their hair on fire.Yeah, it's a beautiful world, Erlich.And after years of busting myass, I'm finally doing it.Oh! And check it out,we even have swag...with my name on it.Look, "Monica Hall." Laurie!Hello. Well, good. Nowthat you're both here,we can dispense withthe mindless chitchat.I'd like to be the firstto offer you, both,the opportunity to takeme off the market.I don't understand.I'm saying that I very much respectwhat you're doing here,almost revere it,and I wanted to offer myservices as an associate.And I will not phone it in.I'll be the first one here at 10:30 a.m.and the last one to leavea smidge after 4:00.I'll, of course, need an office,an attractive personal assistant,paternity leave, if that goes well,and an umbrella insurance policyif that does not go well.What do you say?I'd like a job, dears.The singular function of this firmis to insure that our investors'money is in wise hands.If... you are known for anything,it is quite the opposite.Therefore, no.I'm sorry, Erlich.Look, I... I know you're lookingfor something to do, but...Who... Who is pushingthis false narrativethat I am looking for something to do?- "But"... what?- But Laurie is my partner,and if she doesn't thinkyou add any real value,then there's no future for you here.I gave you weed, a lot of it.You want a fleece?God, there's something beautifulabout testing your first alpha.It's like watching a childtake its first steps.Well, let's see if our space-saverapp actually saves us any space.All right. Done.Yeah?Can I mark this deliverable as complete?Is our child a dancer?Wait. I was only using 32.2gigs of data before the test,and now it says I'm using 47.8.Fuck. Mine expanded also. What the fuck?Why do I have a photo folderentitled "Cool Hairstyles"?Why do I have an e-mail forthe "Anton LaVey Fun Run"?Fuck. We had a merge error.All of our informationis on both phones.I wonder what kind ofweird shit you get into.Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!What are you doing?I'm just looking at your veryembarrassing personal information.Fuck you. If you look at my shit,I'm gonna look at your shit.All right, whoa, whoa. Easy now.I'll go balls deep on your inbox.If you've taken one fuckingselfie, I will find it.Okay, guys, we'vegot to calm down.Okay? Look at this. Thisis not where we wanna be.Let's... Let's take a deep breath,and let's just be cooland put our phones down.Go ahead.I'll put it down oncehe stops touching it.Okay. Great.Good. That wasn't so hard, was it?- If he can do it...- No. No, no, no, no, no.- It's okay.- Gotcha.No, you didn't. Fuck you.Are those almond poppy seed muffinsor lemon poppy seed muffins?No matter, I'll take both, andthe, uh, whole first floor.It's been a...pretty bad...Uh, you know what?Do you have any day-olds?Hey, are you sitting here?What the fuck does it look like?Sorry. He didn't tell us who hewas inviting to the meeting.- He just said it was a bunch of us.- How many are we?I think a few otherfirms are coming.Sequoia and Greylock, maybea few more for this round.Jeff from Index Ventures.You brought swag to a pitch meeting?Yikes, that's so three years ago.Have you seen Keenan yet?I don't know who that is.Seriously, though, I don'tknow who you're talking about.Bream-Hall?Hey, man. I don't knowwho you think you are,but you're not supposedto be at this table.I don't know who you think you are,but men aren't supposed to grow tits,and yet there they are,atop your little paunch.Who the fuck are you?I'm fucking Erlich Bachman.Who the fuck are you?I'm Keenan Feldspar.And I like the balls on you.Get outta there! I wannasit next to this guy!Yeah.Oh, man! Nice swag!I tell you, it is, um,it is warm in here.Oh. Yeah, they, um, shutthe AC off after midnight.Oh.The things this company goesthrough to save a dime.Well, classic Melcher.Okay, should we cover this section onintrusion detection and prevention?- Liz?- Huh?Okay, I don't want to pry,but did I do something wrong?It's just for the past few hours,you've been a little, um...- checked out.- Uh, I'm just...- thinking.- So, you're getting cold feet?What?It's okay. I know whatyou're dealing with.- I don't think you do.- I do. Trust me, I do.Okay, I bet someone in your positionhas been told many timesto look before you leap.But, Liz...what about right now you just...leap before you look?Oh.And, look, I'm gonnago out on a limb here,but I'm gonna go ahead and saythat I'll bet there's a pieceof you deep down insidethat... knows this is a good idea.It's new, it's exciting.I mean, by God, Liz, thisis the most durable,sophisticated decentralizedstorage infrastructurethe world has... Mm!- Whoa.- Uh...And then it just happened.- On the floor?- We were like two wild animals.I'm sure it was magnificent.I get pissed at Erlich fornot keeping it in his pants,and then I go ahead and do this?Shit. I mean, Dan's gonna find out.I mean, he punched Erlich in theface for when he did it to him,and now what do you thinkhe's gonna do to me, huh?He's gonna fucking kill me, thenthe deal's gonna fall through.I can't believe I jeopardized theentire company with my dick.Hey, hey. We can get through this.- Yeah.- All right. First, I need some details.- Are you in love?- What?No, no, I barely know her.Okay. Okay, that's good.Then, we just need to extricateyou from this situation.- Okay.- Now, it's not gonna be easy,because she's veryprobably in love with you.Jared, I... I don't think that that's...Richard, this is no timefor false humility.You're a catch. Just deal with it.Now, you need to break thisthing off clean and clear,so you just walk into that officeand... and you look her inthe eyes, and you say...- Mm-hmm?- "Listen, baby..."you're getting hitched, and... and I...was born to roam.""Born to roam"?Hey, Jared, did I miss any calls?Not a good time, my man.Jared.Uh... sorry.Nope. No calls.What a shocker.I need to call Tara.Okay, but I...I need to hold your phone.It might be sexual in nature.Well, I think I can handle that.All right.No, um, something else in here, please?- Monica, this salient...- Mmm?Ladies.What are you doing here?I believe the answer to that question...is currently sitting in yourunfinished waiting area.- Holy shit. Is that...- Keenan Feldspar? Yes.Why? Have you heard of him?Of course. Every competent VC has.His VR headset is reputedto be the new standard.Oh, it is. I tested the prototypelast night at his house.We got quite drunk.What exactly is he doingin our waiting area?Well, Laurie, he's waiting...upon my instruction.Imagine...landing the biggestwhale in the Valley...two weeksbefore you launch your firm.Or should I say beforewe launch your firm?♪ ♪All right. The new build is done.Oh, I am so glad this is over.I felt like Gibraltar in World War II,where it was both crucial and inert.All right. One press of the button,and we are back to normal.What's the problem?I don't know.What don't you know?Well, you seem a bit eagerto resolve the situation.You're almost anxious.- It's a new color on you.- A new color on you would be...Bah, bah, bah. Even as you try andmake a boring, racist comment,you can't keep your eyes off my phone.See? Now, I know all myembarrassing shit is on your phoneand if you look at it, you will mockme endlessly and without mercy.But what's also true is that you alreadymock me endlessly and without mercy,so I have nothing to loseand, potentially, a huge amount to gain.Guys, this is madness.I have nothing to hide.I hear you, and yet...I'd like to look at my phone.Sure.Suit yourself.- Swipe.- Mm-hmm.- Unlock.- Mmm.You sure you don't care?Does it look like I care?Okay.♪ ♪Ah! Ugh. Fuck!What the fuck?You dick!♪ ♪- Give me the phone.- Dinesh.- Give it to me.- You are not thinking clearly.Ow!Sorry.Looks like we both lose.I don't think so. How do you figure?'Cause now I know you had someembarrassing shit to hide.I don't even need to know what it is.My phone may be in the toilet, but...- but I win.- No, you don't.Because you'll never knowwhat was on there...and that will slowly driveyou down a dark pathand torment you, so that every fiber...Nuh-uh! I win! I win!I win. I win. I win!I win!Shut up, Jared.♪ ♪Last night...- Yeah.- Last night was...- Bad.- bad. Bad.- Yeah, oh my God. Yeah.- It was bad, right?It was such a bad thing to have done.The worst sex I think I've ever had...by far.Oh, s... it... so it wasbad for you... too.Yeah, I mean, it was just all elbows.I mean, how many timesdid our teeth clink?- Uh, too many. Mm-mm. Too many.- You know?- Too many.- And you move your head a lot.- Well... passion...- None.- Right? I know.- Definitely.Like right out of the gate.When I took my top off,and you actually said the word "gulp"?- I said it?- Yes. Yeah.- Out loud? Okay.- Mm-hmm.Well, mistake on my part.As bad as it was, you know,- and it was bad, um...- Okay.like... really... awful.- I get it.- I just...If there's an upside to any of this,it would be that I realize nowwhat I have in Dan.- Silver lining, so that's nice.- Listen,I can't do this... anymore.- This... What we...- Yeah.So, I just wanna... If wecould just close the deal,be done with it.And if it's okay withDan, it's fine with me.- So...- Good.- Okay.- Okay.So, I will come back and getmy stuff when you're gone.- No, I'm just gonna... the door.- To...I was born to roam, anyways.♪ ♪Richard.♪ ♪Liz just told me.- She did?- Yup.And... if it's fine with her, thenI guess the deal is fine with me,so... it's approved.- Good.- I'll ride down with you.Oh, you don't have to. Okay.Listen.It goes without saying, but...Liz can never find out aboutthat whole thing between us.Okay. Yep.♪ Let's get wild tonight ♪♪ Turn the fuck up, wegoing out tonight ♪♪ I been waiting all my life ♪♪ Every time I go out, Ithink I found my wife ♪♪ I can't help it,turn down the lights ♪♪ I'm gonna take some down tonight ♪♪ This shit is so hot, that'swhat it's sounding like ♪♪ Make you wanna fuckaround tonight, bitch! ♪♪ I know that you came toparty, baby, baby, baby, baby ♪♪ Later, we're gonna leave thisparty with somebody else's lady ♪♪ I know that you came toparty, baby, baby, baby, baby ♪♪ Later, we're gonna leave this party ♪♪ With somebody else's lady ♪♪ I know that you came to party ♪♪ Baby, baby, baby, baby ♪♪ Later, we're gonna leave this party ♪♪ With somebody else's lady ♪♪ I know that you came to party ♪♪ Baby, baby, baby, baby ♪♪ Later, we're gonna leave this party ♪♪ With somebody else's lady ♪♪ Lady ♪