That's a good one, Richard.No, but seriously,what brings you in today?No, I am... I am serious. I would like a...an STD check.What, did you graze your penisagainst a toilet seat?No. I... I had sex.Sex with what? Female.A female what?A female human.And I-I don't know this woman verywell, and we didn't use a condom.Now, listen, Richard,I wouldn't worry so much.People don't really getSTDs anymore.We'll get your tests backsoon, and I would tell younot to have sexbefore then, but let's face it...Lightning ain't gonnastrike twice, is it?It's possible.Huh? It's possible.No.Hey, here's something strange.Would you mind hopping upon that scale for a sec?Okay, why? Am I gaining weight?I have been working likecrazy, eating like crap.I haven't been exercisingat all, really, so...Yeah, look at that.You are an inch shorterthan you werethis time last year.You're shrinking, my friend.How is that possible?Well, you just told me. It's yourunhealthy lifestyle, Richard.It's a lossof mineral bone density.So, what do I do? I'm gonna putyou on calcium supplements,and I'm gonna have you comeback in about three weeks.I'll see you then...or whatever's left of you.So, Erlich, good news:Keenan Feldspar signedhis term sheet,and we are now officially negotiatingthe finer points of his deal.Fantastic! Well,now the real work begins.To that end, we would like toclarify our arrangement with you.We feel thata generous finder's feewill be more than satisfactory.This meeting is over.This is very generous, but I...I was under the impressionthat, um, I was goingto be hired here,and I've actually told quite afew people that I was hired,so if I wasn't, then it wouldlook like I was fired.That is fine.No. Laurie...I will not allow youto make the same mistakethat Uber, Palantir, Zenefits,and, in my earlier years,Chipotlemade by not hiring me.All right, don't hire me.But can you hack this finder'sfee into 52 installments,paid weekly over thecourse of the next year?You mean... a salary?Those are your words, not mine.The finder's fee and...10,000 to go away?You know, looking aroundat Bream-Hall,I see a lot of the same:the same gender... Both partnershappen to be female, Erlich.Great catch. What's your point?There is a grotesquegender imbalancein the VC field right now. I canhelp you navigate the toxicityof this male culture which isencroaching on our feminist island.I mean, for instance, there'ssomething called mansplaining?Have you heard about this? Weknow what mansplaining is.Mansplaining is when a manwill condescendingly explainsomething to a womanthat she already knows.Mr. Bachman, we have work to do.All right. Laurie...half the finder's feefor me to stay.I don't think that you'llfind an associate, um...with my track recordat a better price.It's my final offer.Take it or leave it.I need this.Fine. You may start Monday.Okay. Ooh, this Monday?That's fine. Of course.♪ ♪What's that?SonicWall SonicPoint ACe...paired with the TZ600.Top-of-the-linefirewall protection,built-in intrusion prevention,SSL decryption and inspection,application control,and content filtering.Saying new routerwould be so much quicker.Dinesh, the one good thing thatcame out of you slapping your bodyagainst that cyberterrorist in avulgar parody of the act of loveis that we finally have a networkwith real security value.Why would we need it?Mia is in a federal facilitywith no access to the Internet.Right, and she has never shown a proclivityfor getting around infrastructure.Did you see this? We've onlybeen live for two weeks,and we just cracked the top500 in the Hooli app store.Oh, look at that. Ranked 499.Of utilities. Yeah, subgroupmobile, subgroup storage.True, but overall, we're firmly inthe top 30,000 Hooli phone apps.I mean, we may not bea global epidemic yet,but... we've leaptfrom bat saliva to humansand... and we've just killedour first few villagers.♪ ♪This warm. This warm.This warm.This warm. I get it, Jian-Yang!The refrigerator is broken.The ice cream is melting.Let me guess.Is it because it's warm?Yes. Fine, I'llcall the repairman,and he'll come hereand fix it posthaste.No, I want a new fridge,a smarter fridge...like this.Fourteen thousand dollarsfor a smart fridge?Unlike you,I now work for a living.I'm not gonna drop thatkind of dough on a fridge.I ordered it already.I buy it for myself.Then why are you talkingto me about it?To make you feel bad,because you are fat and poor.- Go for Erlich.- E. Bachman! E. Chen.Got your message.Bream-Hall, huh?Yes, starting today.I hope that this doesn't createany tension between us,us now beingcompetitors and all.Hey. None-zo.Hey, while I have you,some of the boys are partof the ownership groupof the Warriors.We have an extra spot on the floorat Oracle Arena. You a hoops guy?Oops, sorry, you broke up. Couldyou, uh, could you say that again?We have an extra spoton the floor tonightat Oracle Arena.You a hoops guy?What red-blooded American malein the VC boys' club isn't?Okay. Cool.I'll text you the deets.Later, man.Well, boys, I've been in theVC game for just one day,and already I have floor seatsto watch the Warriors.But you hate basketball. I'llconcede that spending all my timeinside of a housewith you scrawny code jockeys,the IncredibleShrinking Hendricks,and whatever the fuckJared is here...may have bluntedmy conventional masculinitya hair, but it'salways been there.Uh-huh. Well, try and get aselfie with Steph Curry.I will, assuming she's there.Hey, Jared, um,look at this e-mail here.Uh, "Dear Richard, I recently becameaware of your Space Saver app."I think your app may infringeupon my own patented technology."If your schedule permits, I would love todiscuss this with you as soon as possible.Sincerely, Stewart Burke."I thought we handled that patent stuff.We own it, right?Yeah. I'll... I'll send him a harshlyworded cease-and-desist letter.Actually, uh...his work address issome house in Mountain View.He's probably just working outof his garage, just like us.Why don't I go over there,walk him through the app,you know, coder to coder.I'm sure it'll be fine.You've got a big heart.Or maybe it just seems big 'causethe rest of him is shrinking.♪ ♪Hi. Richard Hendricks.We exchanged e-mails?No. Are... are you Stewart Burke?No. I'm sorry. DoesStewart Burke live here?Yeah.Okay. Is he in?Can I speak with him?Grandpa! Some guy's here!My grandson isthe software expert.I couldn't tell a computerfrom a toaster.Oh. So, you're not a coder?Oh no, not at all.I am an attorney.I started outin the medical field,then in the auto industry,and then the music business.Did you representall these people?No, I sued them.Look, that's mewith Stevie Wonder.He never saw it coming.You get it? Uh, yes,because he's blind.Right.I'm sorry. I don't know what this...has to do with...You see this? This is a song Ibought at a copyright auction.It's an old mariachi numberthat had cost mepractically nothingand so far has bought metwo housesand put my village idiot grandsonthrough six years of Emerson.Oh. All thatfrom "Cancion de Amores"?Was it a popular song? No. Iused the copyright on this songto sue writersof all kinds of songs.Anyway, the writersusually settle, pay me off,or give me a chunkof their song.Thanks to"Cancion de Amores" here,I now own 10 percent of Katrina andthe Waves' "Walking on Sunshine."Mmm. It's a classic!And when it runs next monthon Mazda's new Super Bowlspot, I print money.But sadly, all the goodmusic copyrights are gone.That is... so sad. And that'swhy I moved into tech.And now, I sue people like you.♪ ♪What?So, he's a patent troll?Yep, as like in buy a tonof super-broad IPfrom failed startups at auction,and then threaten litigationagainst accused infringers,i.e., you.So, uh, how muchis Burke asking for?Twenty thousand dollars.Ah, you're getting off easy.Well, no.Look, his patent covers..."storage of media fileson a network."I mean, that cannotbe enforceable.It's probably not...but to find out, you're gonnahave to fight him in court.For a good litigator,we're talking at least...a couple hundred grand.Just pay himthe 20 grand, Richard.I could get creative and take somemoney out of the Melcher deal.- There you go.- No, we need that money.This is a shakedown.He's a crook.And right when our appwas getting off the ground.That's how he found you.Guys just landedon the app storetop 500 list, right? Yeah.So, Burke startsat the bottom of those listsand works his way up.The more settlements he gets,the stronger his case.The higher you are on the list,the more money he asks for.It's like...It's like limp biscuit.He sued those guys too?Not the band.The thing the bandis named after.Limp biscuit'san old frat ritual,where all the brothers race tostroke one out onto a biscuit,and then the last guyto nut has to eat it.Right. Sometimesit's a Wheat Thin.Look, Richie, I get it.It's embarrassingto pull your pudin front ofthe whole pledge class.Just pay the guy.Or...maybe... we convincethe entire pledge classto not play the gameat all in the first place.If only.♪ ♪This must be the new fridge.You like this?Look, it has a screenso you can seeall the food that's inside.Mm-hmm. Kind of like that one?This one has an app,so you can actually watchthe food on your phone.All it needs to do is keepmy fucking beer cold.Hmm. You're running low on beer.Fuck you.Whoops! Did you forgetto scan that bar code?Yes, I did... on purpose.Ah! There we go.It's bad enough it has to talk.Does it need fakevocal ticks like, "ah"?Well, it just makesit sound more human.Humans are shit. This thing isaddressing problems that don't exist.It's solutionism at its worst.We are dumbing down machinesthat are inherently superior.Whatever. You gave yourserver a human name.You named it Anton.Yeah, but Anton doesn'tcall me anything.He grimly does his work,then he sits motionlesstill it's time to work again. Wecould all take a page from his book.Uh-oh! That yogurt is expired.See? This could've killed me.Now I can give it to Erlich.Hmm. I'm not quite surewhat you're doing.Is there somethingI can help you with?Yeah, how doI shut you the fuck up?Aw, is somebodyhaving a rough day?Did that fuckerpassword-protect the settings?His fridge, his rules.Fuck.My man, I was told I hada spot on the floor tonight,but it seems that I've committedthe cardinal sin of being early.What time doesthe game actually start?It's about to.Wait. When he said,"a spot on the floor,"did he mean... on the floor?I wasn't a partof the conversation.Come on, baby, come on!Come on, bring it! Unh!I cannot do that.All right, you guys go shirts.We'll go skins.And I can definitelynot do that.Will not.Don't let him drive on you.All day.Yo, Erlich. Where you at, dawg?Yo, what up, what up, what up?Which one of you pussies,uh, put sugar in my gas tankto prevent me from housingyou on the hardwood?What? Yeah, my car won't start.It's a real fucked situation,so I guess I'll have to miss thisonce-in-a-lifetime opportunity to...We play every Tuesday.I'll see you next week,bro-seph.♪ ♪Hey, let me get in.Let me get in. Let me get in.Hey, I squishedthose front-end bugs.Did you finish yournetworking issue? Nope.Hmm. I'm sorry. Wrong password.You're sitting here, tryingto hack Jian-Yang's passwordinstead of doingyour actual work?Well, good luck,it's a 10-digit alphanumeric.Ten digit? Fuck.And you haveone underpowered laptop,so you know, you shouldhave the answer in...9,000 years.Time to pull out the big gun.Well, maybe you shouldpull out the bug gun...'cause of the network bug.As in the bug you'resupposed to be fixing.If you were programmed to have a goodsense of humor, you'd laugh at that.Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't seeany Good Humor ice cream bars.Shall I add them to your shopping list?You know what? Yeah.Good Humor ice cream barsadded to your shopping list.Come on.God. You believe this?I'm... I'm still on hold.With? Microsoft Azure.Yeah, I... I'm trying to negotiatea lower cloud storage ratebecause we're gonna need it if,or more realistically when,Richard finally decidesto pay that patent troll.I mean, I'm still on hold.It's like they don't even careabout small businesses.Jared, they don't careabout small businesses.That's why small businesseshave to lie.Like, um, Google named theirfirst building Building 40,so that people would thinkthey were already huge.When I workedat my first startup,I would transfer peopleto "my supervisor,"and then I'd just get backon the phone myself.Oh. Uh, yeah, hello.No, no, I'm not gonnago on hold again.Um, in fact, could I transferyou to my supervisor?Oh.Oh, no, no, no,I have to take a shit.Just, um... do your bestEd Chen impression.Um, one moment please.♪ ♪What's up?You got Ed Ch... Chambers.♪ ♪Hello, everybody.Thanks again for making it.And thanks to Gusof Gigglybots for hosting.No problem. My name is,uh, Richard Hendricks,uh, of Pied Piper.You're the guys workingfor Gavin Belson.Was workingwith Gavin Belson, yeah.So, he's not coming?No. No, not at all.But I'll have you all know that withoutany involvement from Gavin Belson,Pied Piper,just like yourselves,has reached the Hooliapp store's top 500 list,and you guys are awarethat you are all directlyabove us on the list,which is why you should knowthat a patent trollnamed Stewart Burkehas recently demandedthat I paya $20,000 licensing fee,and if I pay, he's gonna come andask you guys for more money.He starts with the little guy.Not that I'm little. I'm, uh...I mean I'm not.I'm actually, uh...above average height.Isn't this something that couldhave been done over e-mail?I mean, I guess, but... look.If we don't stop this guy, he's gonnajust keep asking for more and more moneyuntil someone is stuckwith an unpayable bill.It's kind of likethat old fraternity game,uh, the limp biscuit.Sorry, I wasn't in a fraternity.What is that?Oh, I-I... I don't thinkwe need to get into...It's where guys stand in a circleand masturbate onto a cracker.And thenthe last guy... eats it.What?Again, I... again...I don't really knowwhy he would mention that.It's super gross.Is this why Gavin Belsonstopped working with you? No.The important thing is here,um, my lawyer has actuallydrafted a partnership agreement.Why don't you all just...Essentially, uh,we all band togetherand each contribute $20,000.We should havemore than enough moneyto mount a challengeagainst this guy's patent.And if we win,we dissolve the patent,so that he can't do thisto anyone else ever again.Because in the end,shouldn't it be Mr. StewartBurke, the patent troll,who is forcedto eat the biscuit?I'm pretty surethat's sexual assault.Yeah, no one deserves that.I know. That...That's all I'm saying.Look, I'm pretty sureit's even made up.Like, you know, like adonkey punch, you know?Again, what is a donkey punch?It's, uh, when guys...Just don't. Don't.♪ ♪G-man, you busy at the moment?Very. I'm aboutto set Anton looseon that talkingchrome beer coozy.So, care to takea breather and...help a pal throw a basketballhoop on the old garage?Why would you need help from ascrawny code jockey such as myself?Fine.I'm perfectly capableof figuring it out myself.All I need is... Ah!May I borrow this hammer to poundin these flamboyant little nails?Those are screws. Yeah, no, I...♪ ♪Jared Dunn. Yep, just a moment, please.I'll transfer you.Go for Chambers.Ned! I knew it was you.Hey, did that pussy Jaredkeep you on hold long?I eat that motherfucker'slunch every day.No, man, I literally eat his food.What do you want?Uh-uh, ain't gonna happen.That's as high as we go, homo.Till next time, rook.I mean, did you see that?He's amazing. Who?Ed Chambers. He got Pied Piper agreat cloud storage rate from Azure,and he's got the hookupon a couple of palletsof pamplemousse LaCroix at,his words, an amaze-balls price.Wow. Good job, Jared.Well, I mean, don't congratulate me.Congratulate Ed Chambers.Ed Chambers is you.Well, I wish, but...Gentlemen. You all saidthat it couldn't be done,but it appears as if SirRichard the Not-Shorthath now slain the slimy troll.Stu Burke. R. Hendricks.I got word that you called. Iassume you spoke with my attorney,Monsieur Ron Laflamme?Yes, I did speakto Ron Laflamme.What, pray tell, did he tellyou when he called you?Well, I called him, actually,to tell himthat the eight companiesyou apparently triedto organize against mehave reached out to mepreemptively to settle.And because I appreciated that,I offered them a very,very reasonable rate.So, Richard Hendricks, fuck you.Okay. Uh, yeah.Uh-huh.I understand.So, you're firm on that?Well, bye then.So, your coalition fucked us?Yes.So, now we haveto pay the $20,000?Uh, not exactly. Because he...Stu is sayingthat since all eight companieshave now licensed the patent,he has a stronger caseagainst us,so, um, he'd actuallylike m-more money.How much? Three hundredthousand dollars.So, we just ate theWheat Thin, didn't we?Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't seeany Wheat Thins.Shall I add themto your shopping list?Eh, sure.Well, let's hope that Melcherdoesn't hear about all this.♪ ♪You guys don't needall these lights on, do you?Yes, we do.Okay. Well, that should be fine.We should be fine.Um, fine from what?That fridge isputting up a fight,so I'm gonna have to trysomething with Anton.Might put a little strainon the wiring, that's all.I'll be in the garage.Hey, Richard, but you're not seriouslygonna defend yourself in court, right?Well, Larry Flynt did it.And Sir Walter Raleigh,although he lostand was publicly beheaded.But you could argue that he eventuallywon in the court of history.I get it. I should've settled.Okay? And I didn't.And you're right,I will probably lose,but I'm not going downwithout a fight.And I've got all of Monahan's discoveryfrom the Hooli case right here,so that's something.Oh my God.This is from high school.These are all my notes from theoriginal build of Pied Piper 1.0,back when it was just some stupidsearch app for music copyright... s.♪ ♪Hold on. Hold on.What the fuck?Sorry. Everybody okay?I don't know,you fucking maniac!Are we? Probably.Richard? What...What are you up to?About six foot two, Jared.Looks like I can slaythat troll after all.What am I looking at?Well, you said that you used"Cancion de Amores"to sue musicians,claimed that they stolethat song, right?Bought two houses, put Jeremythrough four years of college.Six, and he's still20 credits short.Okay, well, he may wantto consider financial aid,um, becausethat little song therewas itself stolenfrom an old country songcalled "I'm Cryin'"from 1967, a full eight yearsbefore "Cancion de Amores."And I'm pretty sure Katrina andthe Waves would want to knowthat they gave you a piece of"Walking on Sunshine" for nothing.Mazda may want to pullthat whole Super Bowl spot.Bullshit. No, no, not bullshit.Computer science.Yeah, and we can take it to courtif you like, see who they believe:perhaps the most advanced andsophisticated pattern-matching algorithmever devised by a fucking geniusor some old assholewho once sued Stevie Wonder.All right. What do youwant, you little prick?Correction, sir.I am a big prick.♪ ♪Hello, my cold friend.Hello?Huh! Suck it, Jian-Yang.Mmm. Ah. Huh. Huh.You attack and destroymy refrigerator?And you misspell my name.I did. I had to overclock Anton,but I was able to brute-forcethe backdoor passwordto that chrome piece of shitin under 12 hours.And I addeda little visual flair.Huh. Suck it, Jian-Yang.♪ ♪ Mmm. Ah. Huh.So? So... he bought it.Hook, line and sinker.Yeah, he thinksthe search results are real.You trolled the troll.Yeah, yeah, for a secondthere, he wasn't buying it,and then I just startedbabbling on about tech specsuntil his eyes glazed over.Well, as a result, we now havea perpetual royalty-freelicense for the patent.Yes! See? I stuck to myguns and as a result,we now have 20 grandwe would have otherwise lostif I had listened to you delicatelittle snowflakes and settled.Yeah? Twenty grand.Yeah, so let me cum into a bucketand have you all drink it.Uh, Richard? Could Ihave a... a moment?Sorry about that.I-I-I... I regretted it thesecond it came out of my mouth.Richard. Well, yes, but...Here. What's this?Um, that is a billfrom Ron Laflammefor the paperwork he had to do to putyour coalition of companies together.Twenty-two thousand dollars?Yeah. It's at the high endof standard.So, it would've cost us slightlyless if we'd have just...Paid the troll?Well, that's true,but can you puta price on dignity?Apparently, I just did.Do me a favorand don't tell the guys.Yeah. You have my utmost discretion.Thank you.Um, speaking of, Richard,I need to tell you something.I had to let Ed Chambers go.Who? My fictional supervisor.He bragged to a sales rep at LaCroixabout doing it to Sonia Sotomayor,so Ed is no longer with us.I'm sure we can manage.He also wasnever actually with us.Right. Out of sight, out of mind.'Cause he was never real.And out of reality. Yeah, well.Oh, Ed Chambers.Don't hit... No, no, no, no! Oh!Fuck!Yeah, a lot of these guysaren't man enoughto work for an all-femaleled VC firm, but not me.I believethat the future is female.And anyone who says otherwisecan suck my fat dick.Yo, yo, yo!Woo!Bachman, scoreboard.Ah, scoreboard. Fuck. Shit.Who made that one through the...It was a three-pointer, dumb-ass!Three-pointer?What, are we in Europe?Pass!- Is he fucking with me?- Shoot it!