ERLICH: A little to the right.The right more. More.More. Woof! Aces.- We did it.- Busy?Hey! Come on in.I'm just putting the finishing toucheson Bachman's Operational Center.Can you believe that I talked the ladiesinto letting me keep thatlittle piece of genius in here?- Oh! Sweet.- Sweet indeed. It's human hair.Where have you been? We've beentrying to close your deal.Monica and Laurie are reallyfighting me on one final deal point,and I was getting bummed,so I turned my phone off,went kitesurfing in Fiji.When I got back, I was chill again,and I got a message that they agreed.So, you closed?Yep!What was that one little,pesky deal point?I think you're gonna like it.(SHOUTS) Fuck yeah!♪A keyman clause?Yes, and said keyman is noneother than yours truly.It's the highest honor thatyou can bestow on a VC.Wow. So, you get shares in the company.- No.- So, you get a seat On the board.I do not.- A bonus?- There's no cash involved,but if Monica or Laurie triesto oust me from Bream-Hall,Keenan Feldspar canvoid the deal and walk.So, basically, this newtitle just means that you,for sure, get to keepyour shitty desk job.Congratulations, but, Erlich,can you please turn on the heat?It's freezing in here.Tsk-tsk, Richard. Negativity.Hey, have you seen Keenan's demo?Reddit is shitting itself over it.Of course I've seen it. I'm his keyman.He gave me one of the firstopportunities to shit myself over it.- It's that good?- Guys, come on.How good can it be? VR is just a fad.Oh, Richard. I've forgotten what anenvious little crone you can be.Envious? Me? Of who? Keenan Feldspar?Of course. Keenan was born witha golden horseshoe up his ass,while you sit here toiling away inan icebox you call your home office,cursed with the Midas touch of shit.I'm not cursed, and the iceboxyou're referring to is your house, okay?(TAB SNAPS)What?Uh, guys, I just got abilling alert from Azure.Apparently, all of ourcold data has gone hot,so we've already exceededour monthly server budget.Monthly? Bullshit. It's been four days.What the fuck?We have to store Melcher's datathere until we have enough phones.We can't afford this.I'm gonna call Melcher.Hey, Richard. How we doing?Is there something goingon with your data?Because it was basicallyparked until a few hours agowhen it started flying on andoff our network like crazy.Well, aren't you... aren't youwatching the weather channel?No, why? Is there ahurricane or something?- Worse. It's cold outside.- Okay. So?California looses itsmind when it gets cold.(ON PHONE) Citrus trees start freezing.Sometimes there's actualfrost on the road,you know, then people startfiling claims like crazy.Our whole office isgoing nuts right now.- (CART SQUEAKING)- RICHARD: Well, that kindof data traffic is costing us a fortune.That's the beauty of thedeal we made, Richard.You agreed to store ourdata for a flat rate.Everyone else in mydivision is getting gougedon their storage andbandwidth fees right now,but thanks to you, I look like a genius.- I'll tell Liz you say hi.- Oh. Oh no.No, no, that's okay.♪ ♪- What did he say?- He says hi.And that we are responsiblefor the overages.Fuck! Maybe you are cursed.I'm not. That's ridiculous.There's no such thing.- (SNAPS, FIZZLES)- Fucking what?Richard, a bill of this sizeis going to be problematic.- (SIGHS)- DINESH: Problematic?Catastrophic. We're not gonnabe able to pay that bill,- so our server's gonna get cut off,- (POPS, SPRAYING)which means we're gonnalose Melcher's data,which means he's gonna sue usand seize our assets and our patents,and the entire futureof the fucking Internetis gonna belong to afucking insurance company!I can't take this shit anymore!Admit it! We're fucked.Okay, let's just think.Let's just think.Dan Melcher runs a veryconservative insurance company,but even he was willing to pay usup front for data storage, right?True. Although, that was complicated.What? It... it's just asuch a in-the-weeds deal.Point being, we canfind another customer,and then use that upfront paymentto cover Melcher's fees.That's like getting a new credit cardto pay off your old credit card.Yeah, and as CFO, I should tell youwe've already done that seven times.Look, I don't have any moralissue with any of that,but it was hard enough to get Melcher.How the fuck are we gonnaget a second Melcher?(SIGHS)- (LIGHTER FLICKING)- RICHARD: It's cold out here.Can almost see my breath, huh?What do you want?Well, uh...it's just that the guysare a little agitated,because we seem to be havingminor money troubles.I was thinking since youand Bream-Hall signedsuch a big check over to Keenan Feldsparand since you are his keyman,maybe you could help set up a datastorage deal like we had with Melcher?Merely tens of minutes ago,you were rubbing VR's facein a pile of its own make...that means shit...and now VR is supposedto be your lifeboat?Just to remind you, Erlich, you arealso an investor in Pied Piper.It would be good foreveryone, including you.Very well.Fill me in on the detailsof your little proposal.Pitch.What do you mean?You... you know the details.You were there with me forevery single pitch meeting.And I'm sorry that I wasn'tkey in those meetings,so I don't recall all of thelittle nitty-gritty details.(LIGHTER FLICKS)♪ ♪Saving you 25 percenton your data storage,which makes us pretty deservingof the Weissman trophy.(LAUGHING)You know, the Heismantrophy from athletics.Dude. This demo is insane.Gentlemen, you're steppingon Richard's laughs.I'm sorry, but I walked up a hill,and on top of the hill,there was a tavern.And I walked into the tavernand I could just look everywhere,and there was a barmaid.Guess what. I walkedright up to the barmaid,and I just looked at herfor a really long time.This technology could change the world.I'm not one to gush,but the possibilitiesof your consequence-freereality are darkly promising.So stoked you guys liked it. Ihacked it together last summerand I just guessed righton a lot of the details.But if you think that was cool,wait till you see our final hardware,which is en route from China.It's gorgeous.Well, enjoy it while it lasts,just 'cause, you know, thiscan be a tough business.Is it? So, Richard...(CLAPS HANDS) you wanna try the demo?Uh, no thanks. No, I'm...I'm not a VR guy.Richard doesn't like things thatare cool or fun or taste good.Plus, it makes him queasy.He has a sensitive constitution.Ah, come on. You're gonna do it.Look at him. He's gonna do it.It's gonna be awesome! Come on!You're doing it!- Come on, come on. After you.- Okay, sure. I guess. Fine.(RETCHES)(TOILET FLUSHES)(GROANS)Wow.You really vomited a lot...- and, like, immediately.- Yeah. Yeah.- Bad luck, I guess.- Yeah, so... (CLEARS THROAT)Look, anyway, aboutthat data storage deal?Oh. Yeah. If Erlich says it works,that's good enough for me. Let's do it.- Really? Okay.- KEENAN: Yeah.Perfect. That's great.Um... well, I guess we shouldget back to the house,- draw up some paperwork for that.- JARED: Mm-hmm.We should be able to pulleverything together by Monday.Is it cool if we hang out, just to, like,play around with the VR some more?Okay, but I'm sure Keenan's busy.Nah! You guys should stay.You want a beer? I justput in a fresh keg.He put in a fresh keg.- It's so warm in here.- That would be the subfloor heating.I didn't even know I had it.It just came with the house.GILFOYLE: That's nice.What are you telling me?Box Two is delayed?We were already facing somedesign and production challenges,but then this cold snap happened.Apparently there was froston the loading dockat our microprocessor plant in Acton.So, it's cold outside.Why does everyone in this statehave to be such a wimp about it?Well, a semitruck slid right through thedoor and hit the main breaker paneland melted down the entire facility.The driver was incinerated, instantly.I see. Well, our thoughtsand prayers, obviously,but we'll still be readyto roll out in timefor Hoolicon, right?Guys. Hey. I'm not Gavin Belson.You can be honest with me? Howmany days will this set us back?We're going to missdelivery of product...by two quarters.♪ ♪You realize Hooliconis in one week, right?I mean, it's my first Hooliconas CEO of this company.I... I'm supposed to get up on stage,in front of an audience of thousands,and deliver a keynotepresentation built entirelyaround the release of Box Two!I was going to descend onto the stage,in a giant box.Boom!Jack-in-the-box.Then Mike Tyson and Floyd Mayweatherwere gonna come out and boxover who was gonna get totake home the first new box!These are world-class puns!Now I got nothing!- Hello?- (FOOTSTEPS APPROACH)(LAUGHS) Hey, guys!I have something to show you.- Have you been here all weekend?- Is that the sushi guy?(CHUCKLES) Matching pajamas.You guys look like you're in a cult.Oh, Keenan gets these for free.Yeah, we're not gonna wear thesame thing three days straight.You gotta come check this out.This way!♪ ♪(EXHALES)Wow. I didn't feelsick at all, not once.Not even going up the hill?No. No... no nausea at all.Yeah, I felt fine the entire time.What'd you do? Did youreduce the latency?I didn't. You did!Dinesh and Gilfoyle helped me integrateyour middle-out compressionalgorithm into my codec.- I'm sorry. What?- It's off the charts now, man!We were even able to pushthe barmaid to the cloud.These two guys are mad geniuses.Hang on. I have something for ya.Mm-hmm.What the fuck?You just gave our proprietary technologyto this asshole without evenrunning it by me first?- Are you serious?- We were just hanging out,and he was like, "We should try it,"and he said we could delete it,and then he startedgetting really excited.And then he said, you know, "You'redoing it," a bunch of times,and then we did it. And then westarted getting really excited,- and it was so exciting.- And it worked.The VR is rad now.Gilfoyle, "rad"?You are wearing the exactsame pajamas as Dinesh,and you're saying "rad" now?You have been sucked entirelyinto his little... Keenan vortex.Okay.I grant you, with... (CLEARS THROAT)the benefit of even a second's distance,this isn't a good look.I don't know. I think we look rad.Just... just hear Keenan out, okay?- On what?- Here you go, Richard.- What's this?- It's an offer.- I want to acquire Pied Piper.- Oh.- (SCOFFS)- (KEENAN LAUGHS)♪ ♪Bingo... 2009, the HooliPadtouchscreen was recalledfive days before GavinBelson's Hoolicon keynote.Now, if he can pull somethingtogether that fast, certainly I can.- (KEYBOARD CLACKING)- Well, sir, I really don't see the valuein you comparing yourselfso closely to Gavin Belson.Meaning what exactly?Nothing. Just that...he's considered the greatest showmanthe tech world has ever seen.(KEYBOARD CLACKS)I mean, just look at him.We've blown awaythe FIPS 140-2 standard for security,and that's been certified byNIST/CSE, as you can see...- JACK: Wow.- there.- (CROWD CHEERING)- Look at the confidence, the poise.Look at the stage presence.is accessible... here we go...through the drop-down menu...- there.- How could I top that?- (CROWD CHEERING)- Oh, I don't think anyone ever will.When he looked at you,you felt like you were- the only two people in the world.- Hoover.- Yes, sir.- (GAVIN CONTINUES SPEAKING)Get the fuck out of myoffice this instant.- HOOVER: Sorry, sir.- (GAVIN CONTINUES SPEAKING)Anyone here use our enterprise server?We've taken secure authentication- to a whole other level.- Jack Barker...you're gonna need a miracle.Anyone care to talk secure biometrics?Well, considering our looming debts,and the embryonic state of our network,this is a very generous offer.But we're not for sale, guys.Richard, listen, it's likewe've been lost at seafor a long time on a tiny boat,and there is no wind.And now, through sheer luck,we've just happen to driftright up to Hawaii.Now, we can continuesailing into the unknown,and probably sink or dieof starvation or scurvy,or we can get off in Hawaii.Let's get off in Hawaii.- What's so good about Hawaii?- Have you never been?- No.- It's very nice.I think we should take it.Okay, everything Keenantouches turns to gold,and you...are different than that.- (DOOR OPENS, CLOSES)- I want to go to Hawaii.Fucking Keenan Feldspar.How dare he put me in this position?Everything just comes so easy to him.He invents one little thing, and thenhe's gonna make a billion dollars,and just, "Oh, Keenan Feldspargets whatever he wants,"and now I have to be the ogrethat says no to him. Great.Richard, you are mycaptain, and I'm your mate.And I will sleep in thebilge with the vermin,and I will eat hardtack, andI will say, "Thank you."And if duty requires,I will stand on deck,and I will salute you aswe sink beneath the waves.But as poor as our odds are,I'm worried that if weturn down this offer,we will lose the rest of our crew,and if that happens, youwill lose everything,Richard. Your algorithm.So, you're saying thatif I say no to this...I risk having a mutiny on my hands.Aye, Captain.Thanks.(PAPERS RUSTLE)(SCOFFS)Fuck you, Keenan Feldspar.- Whoa.- Problem?Your counteroffer hereis really, really high.Yes, but after crunchingthe old numbies, um,there's no way we couldmake an acquisition workfor even just a penny lessthan that number right there,you know, what with thepatent and the IP.And you said yourself,my guys are the best.So, Keenan, as you know,the best is expensive.This is more than I just tookin funding from Bream-Hall,and you want all cash.- I can't do that.- Really?Oh... rats. Rats, rats, rats.(SIGHS) Weird.I wanted this to happen, but it didn't.That sucks. I wanted it too, very badly.But, um... you know,what they say in life,"You can't always get what you want."This feeling sucks.Trust me, you get used to it.♪ ♪GILFOYLE: Wait. Keenan said no?To us?I guess you can neverreally know someoneuntil you ask them to put theirmoney where their mouth is.You know, kind of a shitty thing to do.Kind of a shitty little dude.Anyway, well, lesson learned.Anyhoo, as soon as Erlich comes inand brings us our signeddata storage contractfrom Keenan, we'll be all set.We'll be back in business.Huh? Go team. Let's celebrate.Let's... let's put on some music.We never do that.What was the number?- What number?- Your counteroffer to Keenan.What was the number youwent back to him with?Well, Gilfoyle, to be honest, thesedeals are pretty complicated.- Richard, what was the number?- (DOOR OPENS)Twenty-five million fucking dollars.- (DOOR CLOSES)- Wait. What?You heard the man-child right.Richie had the quail eggsto counter 25 million.Isn't that right, Richard?What? That's fucking crazy.Yeah, I thought so too,but you know what'seven crazier than that?You guys got yourself a fucking deal!- (LAUGHS)- What?Okay, so this is $25 million?This is real?- As crystal.- Yeah, I'm... I'm not gonna lie,when you first told me that number,I had a feeling of mad.But then I had lunch, and afterthat I was a little tired,but I mostly felt pretty okay.And that's when it hit me.This is a guy who knowshow valuable he is!It got me to thinking that perhapsI had undervalued my own company,especially because now Ihave this baller algorithmthat's solving all my latency issues.Well, my algorithm. So,I called Big Cat here,and we slid that newdemo over to Raviga.Ed Chen liked it so much, he offeredto triple the Bream-Hall deal.But the Bream-Hall deal is signed.It's done, right?Was done. Enter the keyman, the big cat.You see, if I quit Bream-Hall, thenKeenan is free to do whatever he wants.- You quit Bream-Hall?- Two hours ago.Ten minutes later, we were ina handshake deal at Raviga.This adorable little wombatmade clear his intentionsthat he wants me to be the new COOof his company, along witha five percent stake.And now, we can all worktogether on this dope-ass shitand make a fuck-ton of moneywhile we're doing it!See? It always works out.- It does. Who's drinking?- To the palapa! Yeah!Pour me one, Big Cat!DINESH: Jared, there's no pink glasses!Richard, I know you thinkI'm a bullshit artist.It's okay. I totally am.I have this gift where I can makepeople do whatever I want 'em to do,and they don't evenrealize they're doing it.Right.Richard, you have the greatesttechnology that I've ever seen.You can change the fucking world.You just have to getpeople excited about it.That's where I come in.You and me together, bro?Look how strong this is.Fucking forget about it.We're gonna be fucking cuttingclass and crushing ass.You really think that you can getpeople excited about Pied Piper?Richard, that's what I do.You know you're doing it. Oh,I can see it. (CHUCKLES)He knows. The wheelsare already turning.Well...- Maybe.- Come on, you're fucking doing it!Let's do it, buddy! Let's fucking do it!Okay. Yeah.- Come on!- Well, okay.Jared, here we go. Oh,I'm just gonna wait.- Okay, here you are.- Yeah!KEENAN: Get out there! (LAUGHS)(PANTING)- Richard?- RICHARD: Yeah.Are... are we okay?Uh, no, Jared, we're... we're not okay.(CRICKETS CHIRPING)We're fucking rich.(CHEERING) ♪ When we comedown terrorizing your town ♪♪ Running with my wolves,and we out on the prowl ♪♪ If you didn't know it,you knowing it now ♪♪ I'll always be amotha-fucking problem child ♪♪ We the boys everybodywarned you about ♪♪ I'm a problem child, Ibe throwing tantrums ♪Sorry, it's a bit nutty around here.Yeah. (CLEARS THROAT)Well, I just wanna say,how sorry I am that Erlichflaked on you guys.- Not your fault.- Also... (CLEARS THROAT)and I know this might pissyou off to some degree,I have decided to make adeal with Keenan Feldspar.What? Why?He made a... really good offer.Lots of money, and...he's got my back, so.Right, well, it's not likehim to talk you into a dealand then just totally fuck you over.Yeah. No. Look, he'scopped up to all that.I mean, he was very honest aboutthe whole Keenan vortex thing, so.Well, you don't think hisdiscussing the vortexis just a way of pullingyou into the vortex?No. Wh-why would he... wh...Son of a bitch.Yeah.Okay, look, Richard,what I'm about to tell youis a huge breach of ethics,but it's gonna save youfrom making a big mistake.Keenan and Erlich's little keyman gameis the greatest thing thathappened to this firm.I'd like to hear why."A," no more Erlich.And if that weren't enough,we get our $20 million back.But the biggest reason is that we realizedonce we took a look under the hood,Keenan's tech is dog shit.No. No, it's not dog shit.I thought so too, butthen I tried the demo,and it's pretty amazing. There'sthis point in the tavern,uh, where you meet this barmaid,and you can look wherever you want,however long you want.Yeah, well, um, look,the demo is amazing...when you run it on a $10,000 rig.But the future of VR is mobile,and there's no phone on Earththat could handle that demo,let alone the full-bloated platform.Isn't that why Keenan has acquired us?I mean, to help him figure that out?No, he just wants youto make the demo betterso he can take as much moneyoff the table as he can.He'll walk away rich, thecompany will crater,and you will go down with it,and that would be the end of Pied Piper.Richard, you have to tell Keenan thatyou're not gonna take this deal.(SIGHS)Fuck. What do I do?How am I supposed to tell the guysthat I'm taking away their payday?You don't understand. Keenanhad us pouring champagneall over each other like abunch of fucking douchebags.I honestly don't think they evencare that the tech is shit.They just want to go to Hawaii.- Hawaii?- It's a metaphor we've been using.We're pirates, and our ship is sinking,and Keenan is Hawaii.This is what you talk about all day?Look. (CLEARS THROAT) Thisdeal was our only hope,and, with all due respect,you run your own firm,and you're not exactly chomping atthe chance to fund us, are you?Because you're still theoretical.Look, I'll make you a promise. Ifyou can get all of Melcher's dataonto a stable network of mobile devicesand prove that this works,I will fund your "A" round.- Really?- You have my word,but you have to tell Keenan no deal.♪ ♪♪ ♪Uh, guys?Oh, he came in the front this time.Oh. (CLEARS THROAT) So,we need to talk to you.You need to talk to me?You may want to have a seat.Okay.(CLEARS THROAT)Is that a new... sweater?Hey, Richard, there's some bad news.JARED: Richard, right beforeKeenan signed the Raviga deal,somebody else swooped in and offered himan absurd amount ofmoney for his company,and he took it. Really?So, Keenan sold his company.Deal's off the table.We're not going to Hawaii.Oh... no.Oh no.Listen, Richard, we know youfought really hard for this deal.We will never forget that.Yeah, I did, and I would gladly fightfor it and you guys again.Gosh damn.Argh.You don't seem that mad.I am. I am, Gilfoyle. I'm pissed.If... if you need to kickanother hole in the door,we'd understand. Oh yeah.No, I... I might.I might have to. Really, I just...If I don't calm down, I will.I will take you up on that.Who, uh...Who did he sell to? Theonly other companythat could guarantee viablemiddle-out compression.- Hooli.- GILFOYLE: Yup.Hooli. He sold to Hooli.What a dick move.Yeah, I mean, that's not the half of it.I mean, once he figured out whatErlich's five percent would be worth,he left him out in the cold.Wait. He... he gotErlich to quit his joband then cut him out of the deal?- GILFOYLE: Mm-hmm.- Jesus.We thought you were cursed,but maybe it was justyour proximity to Erlich.I mean, that dude must've driven a vanover a bunch of gypsiesin a previous life.- Where is he?- I saw him grab his lighterand his bong and head out to thepalapa to sulk a few minutes ago.Isn't that his bong right there?Well, shit.♪ ♪(FIRE CRACKLING)Guys, there's a fire!We need the fire guys.Someone call the fire guys!(DISTANTLY) Erlich!(CRACKLING)(DOOR OPENS)Hey, buddy.Still not talking, huh?You've been out here all night.It's freezing.You sure you don't wannacome back inside?(SIGHS)Yeah, it was a nice palapa.Well, concrete's stillpretty warm from the fire.He should be okay for atleast a few more hours.Well, that's probably longerthan we'll be in business.Yeah, we got our firstpast-due notice from Azure.They said we have five businessdays till they cut us off.If you guys wanna feel worse...check this out.- ♪♪- Jack (ON COMPUTER): Come join usfor an epic gatheringwhere we come together asone people, as visionaries.MAN: Is this not the most excitingtime to be in technology?- (CROWD CHEERING)- The whole thing is just like, "Wow."JACK: The most transformativetechnology event in the world.Hoolicon.See you all at Hoolicon!I hope you're excited. I know "vee are."Yeah, VR.Fucking Keenan Feldspar.♪ ♪Jared, how many people attend Hoolicon?About a quarter of a million...over the whole weekend.And, Gilfoyle, um, how many more phonesdo we need to get us off Azure?A hundred and twenty-three thousand,give or take.Dinesh, how much aretickets to Hoolicon?Why would I have that information?(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)♪ Tell me what you think,are we in trouble? ♪♪ Feeling sorry's neverreally been my struggle ♪♪ Picking up the pieces,sifting through the rubble ♪♪ Ringing in the new year,listening to the Double ♪♪ Are we outside ♪♪ The safe spaces of love ♪♪ Are we in space, pinned down ♪♪ To spinning rocks? ♪♪ How you ♪♪ Freeze me ♪♪ We're so cold now ♪♪ Are we outside in space? ♪♪ So cold, so cold ♪