Just think about it.On Saturday, over aquarter-million peopleare gonna stream through that building.A veritable who's who of nobodies.Richard, we've triedmarketing at trade shows.We suck at it.No, I'm not talking about that.Let me ask you this:We need 120,000 phones, right?What is the first thingpeople do when they get in there?Log on to free Wi-Fi.But Hooli makes you downloadthe Hoolicon app in order to sign in.So, what if we somehow hackour code onto the app?Then we will have our 120,000phones all in one day.I'm sorry. You're... you'retalking about sneaking our codeonto people's phones withoutthem even knowing about it?I mean, that's malware, Richard.No. No, no, no. Think of it more as, um,forced adoption throughaggressive guerrilla marketing.Well, as a product of forced adoption,I can assure you there are consequences.- I like it.- Well, hold on.Even if we get our code into thatapp and onto all those phones,people are just gonna delete the appas soon as the conference is over.People don't delete apps.I'm telling you. Get yourphones out right now.Uh, Hipstamatic.Vine, may she rest in peace.- NipAlert?- McCain/Palin.All right, this works in theory,but... penetrating the Hooli serversto hack their shitty convention app?We'd need a black hatninja for this one.I wonder where we canfind someone like that.No.It's so great to see you, Mia.- How's Pakistan?- It's so great.I was there for a while,and as I said before,I have to go back there right after thisfor an extended period of time.Anyway, how's all this stuff going?You must be, like, dying of boredom.I am, but the terms of my plea agreementforbid me to touch acomputer or go online, so.Let me run a hypothetical by you,just to, like, exercise your brain.Like, for instance, if I had to hackthe Hooli app servers, mess with an app,and push it out over avenue's free Wi-Fi...how would I do it?It's a trick question, right?Because you wouldn'thack the app server.You'd just launch a man-in-the-middleattack with Pineapples.Google it. Speaking of...if they even catch metalking about this,they could send me tomaximum security prison,but I think I found a way to get online.- No.- There's a computer in the librarythat's not supervised on Sundays.I think if I can pull libraryduty, I'll be able to sneak onand track down whoever ratted me out.I am going to destroy that motherfucker.Not if I destroy him first.Excuse me. What's yourpolicy on anonymous tips?Fuck. Wi-Fi Pineapples. It's so obvious.Not to me.Look, we set up a bunchof these at Hoolicon.We position ourselves betweeneveryone's devices and the real Wi-Fi.So, they log onto our boxesand our boxes log onto the real Wi-Fi?- Exactly.- So, we show them a fake landing page,and force everyone to download adoctored version of the Hoolicon app.And they'll never know the difference.No wonder Mia's in prison.She's brilliant.- I think this might actually work.- Wrong!It'll never work.You don't even know whatwe've been talking about.I don't need to, Richard.The truth is, we've tried and tried.Every time we've gottena whiff of success,a giant pelican by the name of Fatetakes a four-and-a-half-poundshit right on top of us.There are people who are destined forgreatness and people who are not.Richard, it seems you and I... are not.And so, I've had enough.I'm ending it all tonight.Suicide? I have a book for you.No, Gilf. Last night, whenI was sitting out thereby the smoldering husk of my palapa,- so cruelly taken away from me...- You burned it down yourself.which led me to my epiphany.This epiphany."Greetings from Tibet. If you findyourself in Qamdo prefecture,do drop in. Gavin Belson."That was addressed to me.No, that was addressed to"Richard Hendricks and company."Company, of which I am a part.You're not seriouslythinking of going to Tibet?You're broke. How the fuckare you gonna pay for that?That's where you comein, my great friends.I figured we might pass the hat?Just give whatever youare comfortable with.I'll pay for it, whatever it costs.Well, it seems the smallestof us has the biggest heart.Thank you, young Jinathon.- Business class?- Premium economy.You fly one way.Don't you need a visa to go to China?Yes. I can call my uncle in Beijing.He's very corrupt.That sounded... ominous,but, gents, it's as I was saying:Where there's a will, there's a way...just not for you guys.No, I will not help you on this mission.No?Richard, we always said we didn'twant to end up like Hooli.How are we like Hooli?We are trying to give freeInternet to the entire world.If we have to bend a fewrules here and there...I mean, it's all for thegreater good, is it not?Gavin Belson started outwith lofty goals too,but he just kept excusing immoralbehavior just like this,until one day all that was leftwas a sad man with funny shoes...disgraced, friendless, and engorgedwith the blood of a youthful charlatan.I am never going to be...any of that.Richard, not that long ago,you agonized over using a stolen log-into get into a bake-off with Endframe,a company that stole from us.But now you're, what, shrugging offlarge-scale cybercrimesagainst innocent civilians?It's a means to an end.It's not who I am.I mean, Lincoln had to suspendhabeas corpus to end the war,- but he restored it after.- Lincoln?Richard, it's not that easy.There's always a next time anda next time and a next time.I cannot knowingly contributeto your moral decay.Well, what if you didn't do it...knowingly?You're always telling me how youspent your entire childhoodpretending that everythinggoing on around you was okay.- Uncle Jerry's game.- Yeah, that.Let's play Uncle Jerry's game.Do you know what you're asking?Okay, guys, how we looking?- One second.- Almost done.All 12 Pineapplestested and packed.Jared, you can come in now.All right, all of ourswag is in the car,and I look forward to asuccessful promotionof our legitimate space-saving app.Yup, that's what this is.Whatever.Well, now, gentlemen, this is it.Goodbye.Obviously, I don't care tomake a big deal out of it,so I think it's sufficientjust to go aroundand each of you say a memory or twoof times where I've profoundlyimpacted your life.It doesn't have to be a profound impact.We're leaving now.- What?- International flight.Four hours early.No, international flightsare three hours early.It's a new rule.Gentlemen.Okay, let's have some fun.First hurdle down.We're past security.That made menervous, sneaking all that shit in.Why? We're bringingtech to a tech convention.When did Pied Piper getadded to the vendor list?Oh.That looks like us.Oh no, that can't be.No. This is not what I was promised.- What? It's fine.- But they told methat we would have prominent placementwith proximity to high-traffic corridor.We're in themiddle of the road here.- So?- Yeah, who gives a fuck?Well, Jared does, and...and we do as well.Uh, you know what? Whydon't you go check outwhat the bathroom situation's like?- Yes. Nothing would make me happier.- Good.You know, I actually believe him.Okay.So, gentlemen,okay, while Jared's gone,let's get our bearings.All right, so, we are here.Now, you guys deploy the Pineapples.Start with high-traffic areas,so that means entrances.People are setting upequipment everywhere,so it shouldn't look that unusual,but be careful, don't get caught,- and remember why we are here.- Richard?Whoa. Winnie.- Hey.- Hello. Hi.Yeah. Oh.I haven't seen you since...Since you threw yourselfdown a flight of stairsto prove how smart you were.- That whole spaces-tab thing was...- Kind of petty?Petty? No, I was gonna say "illustrativeof our vast differences."- Right.- What are you doing here?I'm here helping my friendlaunch his new company.Oh."My friend." He's actually my boyfriend.- That's his booth right there.- Oh wow.He's got a big one... I mean the booth.But, um, boyfriend, uh-oh.- Awkward.- Why?Nothing. It's not. It's actually...it's cool.Totally cool. Cool beans.Beans, beans, magical fruit.The more you eat, the more you...- Toot?- Toot.Hey, Joel? Come over and meet Richard.Oh, not... not needed.- Joel, Richard.- Not needed. Hey.Oh. Stairs guy.Uh, that's quite a booth you got there.Oh, yes, thank you. We really thinkour company's message isworth getting out there.Yeah, us too. Us too.Um, we're just trying to be a bitresponsible with the spending.Sure, but when I sold my last company,I realized I had the luxury toinvest in something I believe in.- Mmm.- Helping humanity thrive.That's why I decided to bringPeaceFare into the world.Ah, good for you.Okay. It was great to meet you, Richard.Yeah, and you too.- Good seeing you.- Not if I see you first.Not that you asked, but youhandled that very poorly.You know, Jian-Yang, the silence inthe car gave me some time to thinkabout the fact that ourdifferences... Jesus!Sorry.Jian-Yang!- Fuck you, fat fuck.- Pineapple two is a go.Fucking look at him,pictures everywhere.Fucking bearded baby.Cost us millions of dollars.It would make me very happyto pour boiling metal downKeenan Feldspar's asshole.How would that even work?Flip and pour.He's gonna run, and thenyou're slowly chasing him,trying to not spill yourvat of boiling metal.- You're gonna look like a fucking idiot.- Fuck you.- Anybody looking?- No, just go.What's taking you so long? Hurry up!What are you boys up to?All right? I go through my slides.Click, click, click.Jamiroquai plays.Now, I would very much liketo welcome my good friend,Keenan Feldspar!- Where the fuck is he?- Yo.Son, you're supposed to becoming up from over there.Totally, I'm just really kind ofdigging the vibe over on this side.- Uh, Terry?- Yeah?- Kid wants to come from over here.- Okay.Excuse me, sir, do you have a moment?This morning, Pied Piper werea last-minute add to the vendor list,so I started watching them andnoticed some suspicious behavior.I sent in for ourtactical response team,and with your permission,I'd like to sweepthe convention floor withYagi antennas, which are...- Hoover.- Yes, sir.Four days ago, I spent $2 billionon a piece-of-shit VR gadgetthat's never gonna work.I had to rebuild theentire operating systemjust to get a 90-second demothat could play on a phone.And by the grace of God, Ijust may have pulled it off.And now you want to talk tome about Pied fucking Piper?Sir, I'd like to think that if GavinBelson were here, we'd make sure...Gavin fucking Belson is nothere 'cause I fired his ass!Now, look, you go back toyour little security room,you sit in the cornerwith a tinfoil hat on,and I swear, if I hear youwandered down the hallwayto take a piss, you are out on your ass.You got that?I do, sir.You know what? This might be a goodtime for me to hand out some flyers.Richard, sixPineapples up, six to go.- Good.- Something wrong?Yeah, actually. Very wrong.PeaceFare is a game.- What?- Yeah, look at his website.Give virtual coins tovirtual homeless people.Grow virtual corn to feedvirtual starving villages.What the fuck, right? Imean, he's over theremaking all this noise about turning yourmobile device into an empathy machine,- but it's not doing anything.- Fascinating, Richard.Have you heard anything about howPied fucking Piper is doing?Yes, our code is in the app,the Pineapples are online,and we're at 3700 downloads.We're ahead of schedule.Shit. This could work.That's awesome.Yeah, exactly.We are doing something real.He is not, but she's with him,and I'm the petty one. Okay,well, what about the ideaof growing real corn tofeed real starving people?- No.- Yeah, his thing seems way easier.Yeah, you can do it on yourphone in your underwear.Just... plant the rest ofthe Pineapples, please.- Oh! Here he comes, folks.- Oh, thanks.Richard Hendricks, theMonet of compressionism.Jared.Hey, which of the bathrooms is closest?Uh, end of the row, 78paces to the right.Great.Do you know this is the actuallaptop I used to code the app.Hey, let's take some withoutmy shoes, yeah? Perfect.Okay. Oh, hey, come.Yeah, so please start with my toes.Oh, nice.Can you... And theseare photos of irrigation,captured in the rain.Yeah,it's gonna look great.Yeah, like that.Poverty and penthos.That looks so good.Let's do another one.Go on the other side.Yeah.- Did you do this?- What? What?Did anyone see someonetouch this laptop?- Hmm? What?- Oh God.This is very disturbing.Fuck it. I'm just gonna punch him.Yeah, right. Have funin jail, you moron.- Oh shit.- Oh fuck, it's him.- What do we do?- Uh, keep moving.Fuck, do you think he saw us?Oh, he saw us.- Fuck.- He saw us see him.Shit. Wait. What if hethinks we did it on purpose,like, we snubbed him?Fuck yeah. We just snubbed thefuck out of Keenan Feldspar.- Hey, Richard.- Hey.I'm letting everyone know you mightwant to reset your critical passwords,because we've been hacked.Oh! Uh, why... why would you say that?Someone changed myPeaceFare screensaver...Hmm?and I know it wasn'tanyone on my team,because they all respect me too much.What did they change it to? If youdon't mind me asking, just 'cause...No, no, I won't dignifyit by repeating it.I'm just saying youshould take precautions.Also, Winnie spoke to security,and they're sending thetactical response team.The what?The... Oh, here they are.Oh shit.Bingo. We've got hostiles.Red team, Sebastian, fan outand sweep the entire venue.Hey, Richard.Guess who has four thumbs- and just snubbed Keenan Feldspar.- Us.Guys, someone called security, nowthey're doing a sweep of the area.What?Okay? You've gotta gopull all the Pineapples.What the fuck? Who ratted us out?I don't know. Probably we'll never know.It's impossible to tell.Just go. Go get... get them now.Go. Just go. Please.Oh.- Bingo.- Fuck!Come on.Bingo.Oh crap. We've got to split up.I'll take the food court. Youtake the east concourse.- I want the food court.- Just go!Fuck.- Hey, man.- F-f-f-fucking Keenan.- Hey, I have to go.- Totally. Hey, did you snub me earlier?- No.- Yeah, you did.You know you did.You made me feel bad.I like to feel good. Whywould you do that to me?Seriously?You fucked us, Keenan.Richard was gonna take that deal,and then you pulled itright out from under us.You cost me, personally,a shit-ton of money.Whoa. Is that what Richard told you?Hey. So? They got everysingle one, every single last one.- Fuck!- I don't want to hear this.But we gotta be close, right? Like,how many more phones do we need?I don't know. Close isn't good enough.No, this is binary.Either we have enough or we don't.Oh f-f-f-fuck. Okay, I have an idea.So, I've got one Pineapple left. Now,I've rigged some batteries on top of it,- because we're gonna have to go mobile.- Oh.We have to try. Okay, I'm goingto put this in your backpack.- Oh no.- No, it's fine.- I don't want it. I don't want it.- Dinesh, it's fine.And you, you're gonnahold this kill switch,and then you're gonna walk into the mostdensely populated area you can find.All right? If you seethe security coming,remember, you press thatbutton and, poof, you're gone.Yeah? Okay.I'll get as many of thosemotherfuckers as I can.We'll be rewarded in the end.When the fuck were you gonna tell us?- Tell you what?- You know what, fat sack of shit.- Richard, do you know what?- No, I don't.I-I... I don't know what.Dinesh, you need to move.Well, not until I findout if you know what.- Go on.- Okay, fine.Fine. I messed with Joel's screensaver,and then he told security,and now they're the onespulling up all the Pineapples.- What the fuck are you talking about?- What are you talking about?You acted like you wanted totake Keenan Feldspar's offer.Well, I just ran into him.He said you turned him down.Well, n... Okay, well... Who areyou going to believe, me or him?Him. He showed me thee-mail you sent him.Showed you the e-mail?You fucking snake.Dinesh, you need to move, now.Look, he pulled the deal.Yeah, but you didn't know that whenyou sent him the e-mail, did you?Dinesh, you need to move.I mean, come on.- You need to go. Go. Go.- Gentlemen.I'm going to have to see thecontents of that backpack.Um...Bingo.Huh.What did you change it to, Richard?What?Joel's screensaver.It doesn't matter now.No?PoopFare.I'm sorry. PoopFare?Yeah, it was, like, a play on the name.Is it a play on the name?PissFare would be way better.Or PenisFare.Or PeaceFart. That's justchanging one letter.Look, he... he turned around.I had, like, a second, okay?It's the best I could come up with.PoopFare?PoopFare?- Are you serious?- Yeah.You sacrificed...everything that we've worked for...for PoopFare?How was PoopFare...for the greater good?It wasn't.You compared yourself toAbraham Lincoln, Richard.Can you do me a favor?Can you say it so I knowI'm not hallucinating?- I just did.- Just...- Just say it.- say it.- Jared.- Richard, look me in the eyes!Look me in the eyes, and you name...- our undoing!- Hey, come on. Calm down now.PoopFare! You reckless child.Gentlemen. Come with me, please.Sit down.Well, well, well.Richard Hendricks.Sorry, do I know you?No... but I know all about you.These Wi-Fi Pineapples...are they yours?Uh-huh.And this image fromthe security footage?Smell anything?These two individualslook familiar to you?Last question.Do you recognize this?It's an interview I justfound from Code/Ragfrom October of this year,in which you said you andGavin Belson would, quote,"put Jack Barker out of a job."Did you say that, Richard?You know what? Yes. Yeah.Yeah, this is me.Because apparentlyeverything I say or typegets me into trouble,because I'm a... idiot.Well now.Tenley!What the hell are thesegentlemen doing in my office?We caught them with Pineapples.You mean the Pineapples that I hiredthem to bring to the conferenceas part of a covert penetrationtest of our Wi-Fi security?- Sorry, we didn't know.- You weren't supposed to.Now, give these gentlemen theirpasses and equipment backand get them back on the floor.You know, you said some very nice thingsabout Gavin Belson in that interview.You could've very easily kickeda good man when he was down.Good luck with whateverit is you're doing.I'd walk you down myself, but forreasons I really can't get into...I'm not allowed to leave this room.Okay.There you are. You nevercame back to the booth.You didn't want to seehow it all turned out?I wasn't really in the mood.Are you playing PeaceFare?Yeah. I just gave an orphanher first calculator.Good. Good.But I'vegot something much better.See that number?That is the number of installsthat we've got from Hoolicon alone.We have moved all of Melcher's dataonto a network of mobile devices.- We did it.- Do Dinesh and Gilfoyle know?Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, they know.Now that this worked,they like me again.They're off gettingchurros to celebrate.I told them that we would meetthem at Barker's keynote, so...come on.I mean...Richard, the fact that you think thatsuccess justifies all your behavior...We were in crisis mode, okay?And yeah, I lost my head,but crisis averted,so it's time to reinstatehabeas corpus, huh?Be Honest Abe again.What about the next crisis, Richard?Jared, this won't happen again. I swear.So, let's just enjoy it...for a minute.Please.Come on, give it up!I love this company!And how about you?And how about Jamiroquai?Ladies and gentlemen, oh, let's have it.But wait a minute. Wait a minute.Wait a minute.Wasn't the original title of theirchart-topping hit "Virtual Insanity"?Why is he singing "Virtual Reality"?You know, I may need a little helpgetting to the bottom of thisfrom my very good friend,Keenan Feldspar!Oh! There he is! Hey, hey, hey, hey!You guys ready to see the future?You know, at the beginningof the presentation,I told all of you to updateyour HooliPhone OS, right?Now, I want you to go into "Settings,"and you're gonna find a brand-newtoggle labeled "HooliVR."Woo!You're gonna want to turn that on.Now, look under your seats.When you power up your HooliVR goggles,they will "automagically"pair with your phone.Put 'em onand prepare to be amazed!Say hi to that barmaid for me.Huh? Oh! Ow!Oh shit! Fuck!What's going on?Uh, turn up the lights, please.Something's happening here.Uh, stay calm.You don't think this hadanything to do with us, do you?We appear to have a bitof a technical problem.I'm going to get to thebottom of this right away.Ow! Fuck!Gelong-la, there is aloud man here to see you.He says you sent for him.Qamdo in the house!Whoa! Haircut?Are you fucking kidding me?No.I'm really here.