Something'swrong with your "frunk".It's all "frucked" up.I've instituted an operationto safeguard our interests.Uh, Gavin Belson's office,please.You wanted meto unite the teams?They are united against me.If I'm not inspirational enoughfor you, then there's the door.I'll approve youas the soul beneficiaryand the official executorof Mr. Bachman's estate.This is my incubator now.You can't just kick us out,Jian-Yang.Wait a second.So, the guy who justkicked me out of my housenow owns 10%of my company?Technically, he kicked youout of his house.And he inherited allof Mr. Bachman's assetsincluding his 10%of Pied Piper.- By faking his death.- Allegedly!Look, Richie.You didn't actuallylose anything here, okay?Bachman isthe aggrieved party,and if he is actuallystill alive,he'll get his 10% backwhen he shows up.In the meantime,is it really any worseif it belongsto this Yang guy?No, I guess not.So what's your real beefhere then, huh, Richie?You got somethingagainst him?You don't have, like,a bias against Asians, do you?Richard?No, I don't.No, I just don't like beingkicked out of my house.By a...?N-Nothing. By no one!By any race!Yeah, I'm hearingsomething different.You'd tell meif you harbored- nativist feelings, wouldn't you?- Yes.Dana?Oh, hey.Hey!Dana, this isRichard Hendricks.He's the CEOof Pied Piper.And, Richard,- this is Dana, CEO of Quiver.- Oh, yeah.Yeah, I hear you guys are givingAkami a run for their money.Oh, yeah.Dana and I keptfinding ourselveson the same bathroomschedule back at Hooli.You know, menand their cycles.You know what?You guys shouldget a meal together.Right? You're...You're kindred spirits.You're both CEOs.You have a lot in common.Sure, yeah. Maybe. Yep.Well, Richard, you're freetomorrow night.But I'm not.I have a big partyat my house.A lot of peopleI don't know.So, see ya!What was that?I don't need youto make friends for me.Oh, I just thinkyou could benefitfrom a friendshipwith someone like Dana,who's so much like yourself.Like me?You think that guy's like me?I just thought of something.Do you guys wantto come to my party?Dana, that'sso gracious of you.That would be delightful.Okay, bye.Mm-kay.You don't see it?It's uncanny.*SILICON VALLEY*Season 05 Episode 03Episode Title : "Chief Operating Officer"Look at this.This is what they're askingfor a one-bedroomapartment in Menlo Park.Oh.What?Well, I cancomfortably affordmy new one-bedroom apartment.You and I makethe same amount of money.I'm just wondering,what is the difference?Could it be thatI didn't spend all my moneyon an absurdlyover-priced electric car?Gilfoyle!So kind of you to join us.You're welcome.Yeah! Uh, well,it's, uh, 2:00 PM.So, fourth day in a rowyou missed the stand-up meeting.Correct.Maybe you shouldhold it later.Okay, 'cause weliterally moved itfrom 9:00 to 11:00to accommodate you.So do you mind telling us when youfeel like you can make it in?Sure. Wheneveryou hold the meeting,- I'll be in an hour after that.- Okay, well...What the fuck was that?Uh, that's the song"You Suffer" by Napalm Death.Oh, yeah? That's... that's a whole song?That's like a second.It's an alert.Whenever the price of Bitcoindips below a certain value,it's no longerefficient to mine.When it comes back up,it is.So, I need to knowwhen it breaks that threshold,so that I can remotelytoggle my rig at home.Okay. Any idea how oftenthat might happen?Bitcoin is very volatile.So...That's just so loud.A lot. Good. Alright, well...maybe turn it downor something?Oh, fuck.What's up? You guys working hardor hardly working?'Sup?Hey, buds.How's it going?Man, theseBay Area rents, huh?High AF.How's a guy supposedto live by himself,or lady, by herself?Especially on an everymancoder's salary, you feel me?Are you offering us a costof living raise? Nope!Not at all. Even better.If one of you dudesis strapped for cash,do you a solid.Move in, split the rent"fiddy-fiddy."Or, 40/ "siddy" depending onsquare footage of bedrooms.Come on! Think about it!Jazzy Jeff!Hold up!Hey, uh, you got spacein your crib?Um...Yes, I-I have a room.Hmm?Fuck. Yeah.Fuck yeah!There he is!Nice place.Yeah.That's what a billion-dollarevaluation will get you.Hey, what a great topic ofconversation for you and Dana.- Dana!- Oh, hey.You're just standing there.Like a cool cowboy.Hey, yeah.I-I reallylike your place.Yeah, me too.Well, he liked it,so he bought it.Right? Just like youand that hoodie.So, Dana,interesting story.Uh, the reason Richard hasthis bandage on his neck,and that he's gotone on his hand,is because he got so exhaustedduring a code sprint,that he walked througha plate-glass window.Now, I-I read on Pandothat you got injured alsoearly on at your company?You shouldtell Richard that story.Right? Interesting topicbetween CEOs.If you want.I mean, you don't have to.Alright, I'm gonnago mingle.Go get 'em.So, how did youhurt yourself?I tried to commit suicide.Cool. Not...You know, interesting.Oh, wow! You cashedanother beer, you partier.I haven't cut loosein so long.I'll probably get sloshedoff of one beer,and start babbling.That's, um...Let's have a beer, right?Let's celebrate!New job!New roomies!New internet, right?I said I'd get sloshedoff of one beer, crazy man.Okay, um...I'm gonna go to bed.Good night.No, no, no!You know what? Hold on!I'll have...I'll have one beer!I'm not saying I don'tlike to party, Jeff.You like vodka?Let's have a vodka.Yeah! Let's do vodka.Okay!Yeah.That's so much of it.That's a normal amountright there.Is it?I like it.It's really cool.So, who painted it?A machine.It's actually the firstwork of artmade by AI to be soldat Sotheby's.Sorry I'm late, Dana.I got caught up.Hey! Hey, wait a minute, you're...you're Richard Hendricks.Mm-hmm.Sorry, I'm, uh,Ben Burkhardt.I'm... I'm Dana's COO.Dana told me he invited you.I'm so psyched you came!Yeah. I got... I have so manyquestions for you, man.Do you want to grab a drinkor do you want to stay here?- There. Yeah.- Oh, great.I mean, even way back whenI was finishing my PhD at MIT,I would tell anyonethat would listenthat a decentralized systemwas the obvious eventuality.Yep. And now it's morenecessary than ever.I mean, the stuff Google andFacebook are getting away with.It's insane. Totally.Right?That's why I've always saidthat the user's datashould be in the handsof consumers,not the corporations.100%, but see,that can't happen,until someone iteratesa functional alternative.Which, I believe, Richard,I believe you're about to do.Well, I don't know.Trying to, yeah.Have you solved, uh, co-locatingdata with the compute test?How do you know about that?Do you code?I used to, man.Uh, yeah, I loved it so much,but, you know, I got drawnover to the business side.Richard!There you are!Hey. Jared Dunn.Hi! Ben Burkhardt.Hey, Dana.So, it's 9:00 AM in Dubai.I gotta make a call,so, excuse me, guys.Oh.So, um, Danawas just telling methat he prefersa late lunch, too.Just like...Is that right?Kind of.Well, I see a colleague.I'll leave you guysto... to chat.Cool. Mm...So, on the way out,Dana told methat he really lovedmeeting you.He said it went great!Did you not think so?Yeah, it's just...he didn't really talk, though.Yeah.That's one of his quirks.He's fun.Hey, you know who I didhave a good conversation with?- Who?- His COO.Who, Ben?Yeah, um, do you know him?Um, not well.I hear he's a verycompetent executive.But apparently,he left Oculus for Quiverin kind of anunprofessional manner.Hmm, okay. Well, hereally loves Pied Piper.Jared, come on!This is your condo.Sleep in your bed.Don't be silly. Hey!Uh, leave the lights onas long as you want.Uh, hey, Jared?Yes?Um...Never mind.Uh, see you tomorrow morning.Sweet dreams.Right, if only.Did I tell you aboutGilfoyle's terrible song?Yes. Yes, you did.And I heard it.I'm... I'm gonna go cleanthe rice cooker, Dinesh.You know whatthe worst part is?He's actually a decent coder.He almost never fucks up.Uh, wait, almost?One time,he royally fucked up,but even then,he ended up saving the daywith all his fridges.Fridges?Seppen Smart Fridges!And you know what?It was totally illegal.Really? Illegal?So, tell me about these fridges.Jeff!I can't tell you that.It's a company secret.Okay, um, let me get yousome more vodka, Dinesh.Thank you guys forseeing me on such short notice.Well, it's an honorto have you, Gavin.Back there, we test ourcompressor run capacitors.But here is what I'm sure you'llbe most interested in seeing.This is our smart fridgedevelopment team.To be honest,we were a little nervousabout wading into theInternet-enabled market.Over the last 80 years,we've built a real trustwith our customers.Alright! Great tour!Oh, there's a lot more to see.Ugh. Why? Look.I came here to offer youa partnershipto cut down your server bills.Oh!Well, our server costswere far higherthan we anticipated.As we said,we're not well versed in...The 20th century?Yeah, you mentioned that.Do you want to savea fortune or not?Well, yes.In exchange, I need youto do something for mewith regard to the peoplewho hacked your refrigerators.I'm going to destroytheir lives.So, what? Ben: So...- So, I turned to Bill Gates...- Yeah?Right, and I said..."I don't know, Bill.Maybe you should Google it."You said that to Bill Gates?I did! I swear.Hey...can I ask you, um...Did you tell Danathat we were having lunch?Richard, I told you that BillGates story for a reason.I, um, I practice somethingcalled "radical candor."Which is no matter howuncomfortable the truth is,I'm gonna tell it to you.And the honest truth is...I did not tell Danaabout this lunch.Things with Danahave gotten stagnant.But the other night...talking to you, Richard, I...I felt that spark again.- What are you saying?- Okay, well.The first tenetof rad-can, Richard,is to just... is to justsay what you think,and so I'm gonna do that.I'm gonna say what I think,and, Richard, I thinkwe should work together.Oh. You mean, like...?Like, I could be your COO.Um...I don't know.Maybe we shouldn'tbe doing this.Whoa, whoa, Richard.We're just talking.You see any numberswritten down here?Do you see a Power Point?No, we don't evenhave a laptop.Exactly! 'Cause we're not doinganything wrong. Oh, shit!- Party of one.- Sh... Shit.I looked at his calendarand it said he had a meeting.Okay, Richard, I'm gonnacontinue being honest with youand tell you that I have toleave now through the kitchen.- Okay.- Okay, please don't tell anyone- about this.- Okay.What? Hey!Hey, Dana! What the heck?Dana, right?Oh, hi.I'm just... Are youhaving lunch alone?I am!I'm totally alone.Uh, in fact...do you want to, uh,join me at my table for one?Oh, okay.Sure.Come on over.One beef pot pie. Onebeef pot pie, no carrots.Yep. Here.Put 'em here.I love beef pot pie.And only kind oflike carrots.Oh, fuck!Gilfoyle, goddammit.Could you please stop that fucking noise?I'm serious.How will I knowwhen to remote toggle my rig?Easy, you won't,and neither will any of us,because you won'tremote toggle anything!No more remote toggling!Got it?- Just...- Hey.Hey! How was lunch,you little minx?What?Yeah, you thoughtI wouldn't find out.I was, uh, texting with Dana.Just checking in.And he mentioned- that you two met up.- Oh, yeah!Yeah! Just, justbriefly for... yeah.Yeah! I-I-I knew you twowould hit it off.You know, Dana did mentionthat he thoughtyou might be bulimic.Okay.Great, um...Jared, do you thinkit's time we hire a COO?Oh!Did Dana suggestwe hire someone like Ben?Yeah. Yeah, like Ben.You see, if you didn'thave lunch with Dana,this never would've come up.I'll put together a list.Great.Um...Richard, you should see this.What the fuck?Seppen is suing usfor $10 million in damages.The complaintspecifically cites,"sullying their smart fridgeswith mime-simulated fellatio.""Our customers invite usinto their homes."The kitchen isthe modern hearth.We cannot have that trustviolated." Is that a typo?Do they mean "heart"?How did Seppenfind out it was us?I don't know.You tell us, Gilfoyle.You said you pulledall our code and bleached it.Maybe you missed something.No.No way.They have no proof it was us.Ignore them.Ignore them? What the fuckkind of solution is that?No. "Hearth."It's a word. Huh!We don't need to solve anything.They have nothing.Well, I'm pretty surethey have something, Gilfoyle.So you fucked up somewhere!I didn't fuck up.Well, guys, I'm sure there'ssomething we can do here.Uh, just give me a second.Hey, sorry!I-I can't talk right now.Can we meet up?Um, my place. Midnight.Okay, I gotta go.Okay.Okay, so wait.You're telling methis Gilfoyle guyfirst hacked into the fridgesas a prank?Without your knowledge?Uh, yeah.Well, there you go, Richard!If you didn't authorize it, thenhe's acting as a rogue agent.You tell Seppen thatand Pied Piper's off scot-free.Yeah, but what wouldhappen to Gilfoyle?I don't know. There'd becriminal and civil chargeshe'd have to dealwith on his own.Oh, Jesus!I don't know.Sounds kinda brutal.In the end, being onthose fridges saved us.Richard, I-I told youabout radical candor, yeah?Well, what I'm gettingfrom you now,is the opposite of that.It's actually somethingwe call "ruinous empathy."You want to destroyyour entire companyjust to keep onebad actor happy?That's not fairto you, Richard!Oh, come on. Gilfoylewill never be happy.This is exactlythe kinda thingI could help you withif you hired me.Hey, any news?Oh, goddammit. Why is that thingstill fucking doing that?I guess Gilfoyleforgot to turn it off.It's been doingthat all morning.I don't have his password.Bitcoin is reallyvolatile today.Yeah, okay.Uh, where is he?Well, it's 10:00 AM,so not here.Okay, you know what?Fuck Gilfoyle.Fuck him right to hell.I've been saying thatfor years.Where's Jared?Richard, are you serious?Yes.Well, I concede that layingit all at Gilfoyle's feetmight get us outof the Seppen lawsuit, but...I mean, you'd really throwhim to the wolves like that?That doesn't sound like you.Well, maybeI'm just becominga little lessruinously empathetic.Have you beenseeing a therapist?No.But...I have been seeing Ben.Ben Burkhardt.Oh, Richard, no.He's Dana's COO. You're...You're jeopardizing yourentire friendship with Dana.What friendship with Dana?Who could be friendswith that guy?I got news for you, Jared.Dana sucks, man!Richard!I mean, he is a dog.How did he even foundhis own company?Is he even smart?Okay, that's unfair.Look, this is your company.And you can work withwhomever you want.But I need youto think long and hardabout what you'reproposing to do to Gilfoyle.We're talking aboutcriminal charges here.He could be deported.There has to beanother option.Well, no offense, Jared,but Ben says there isn't.Okay? And he isa world-class COOthat has brought multiplecompanies to a billion dollars.And you're justa biz dev guy.I'm... I'm sorry. I...I just think thatin this particular situation,Ben might knowa little better.Okay.You're the boss.You know,but I will say this.If you're really goingto start working with Ben,at least give Danathe common courtesyof telling him the truthabout what you guys are doing.Because if youdon't tell him...you're the dog.Thanks for, uh,having me over.Of course. So, it's gonnabe a bit weird at first.Then it's gonna be okay.What?Hi, this is Jared Dunn.Um, sorry, I don'trecognize this number.Jared? Come here now.Jian-Yang?So... Ben told me everything.Oh!Uh...Well...Radical candor,I guess, right?Yeah, he told me howyou kept texting him non-stop.And he kept refusing,but you were relentless.What?- Uh, no!- Richard, it's... It's immaterial.The point is,Dana knows everything now.However it came to that,it's just words in the winds."Words in the winds"?Yeah.Well, Richard, looks likeyou got what you wanted.You're both adults.You can work togetherif you want.I just wish you'd demonstratedthe measure of spiritto discuss thiswith me to my face.But...guess there's no honoramong thieves, hmm?Well...good luck, gentlemen.You deserve each other.Dana.Wow.You know, I've neverreally seen him like that.He's so assertive.Uh, articulate.Yeah, he's had a head coldthe last couple weeks.Been pretty low energy.Really?Yep!Oh!So, I guess...You and me, huh, Richard?Together, at last.Yeah.Dana rides a motorcycle?Yep.Cool.So, uh, whatexactly did you...The witch lost his mind.Gilfoyle, you smoke?I kept mullingthat Seppen shit.I didn't leave a bitof my code on that fridge.No remnants, nothing,so how do they know?Then I realized...they're listening to us.They've been listening to usthis whole fucking time.Right.All these devicesare listening to us!Okay, um...Gilfoyle, I-I thinkyou need some rest.Not yet.I checked their firmwareand their logs.The fridge is setto record constantlystreaming everythingback to the cloud.They must have gonethrough those audio logs,and listenedto our conversations.Wait, even if theyaren't listening to us,just the fact thatthey could be is interesting.Shit.They make smoke detectors.I think there's onein the kitchen.Those fuckers are listening.Jian-Yang, are...Are you copyingall those companies for theChinese markets?Oh, no.Fuck you, Seppen.Hey! Where have you been?Um, I stayed atBig Head's last night.Yeah. Oh, God, I've beencalling all night.Yeah. I just didn't feel likegetting reprimanded.I-I thought maybeyou were lockedin another Starbucksbathroom overnight.One time, Jared.One time.Okay, you're just gonna haveto catch up on the fly, then.On the fly, what?Richard Hendricks,- this is Tom and Viola from Seppen.- How do you do?Oh, hi.Alright, uh,we won't take upany more of your time.Richard has called youin today, because...of this.Um, this is Seppen's SmartFridge Terms of Service,where you specifically statethat only refrigeratorcommand-related user datawill be uploadedto your cloud's service.That's correct.We believe that the refrigeratoris the hearth of the modern...Stop talking.We know your refrigeratorsare streamingall recorded audioto the cloud.Every single conversation.Which is tantamountto illegal wiretapping.You thought a mimeperforming fellatio was bad?What happens whenyour customers find outthat every single thingthey've ever saidin front of their "hearth"has been recorded?Oh, shit.We never listento any recordings.Look, we never wanted to get intothis tech stuff in the first place,but our marketingdepartment insisted.Between us...Gavin Belson was the onethat pushed us to sue you.Is there somethingwe can do here?This is a deal memostating that Pied Piperwill fix your security issue,and update your systemto Pied Piper's stackin the futurewhich will loweryour server costsand improve the securityof your fridges.In exchange,you drop the suit.Uh, Richard?Did I state that correctly?Is that our offer?Uh-huh. Yep.I'd also like to tell youI have a Seppen bread machine,and I have never beenhappier with an appliance.- Pleasure.- Thank you so much.Hey.I'm so sorry ifI overstepped my bounds.It's just timewas of the essence.- Are you kidding me?- Jared, you saved us.And you did it withouthaving to fuck Gilfoyle over.- Thanks!- Yeah, um...We should talk aboutwhat they said about Gavin.Hello, Pied Piper!Nice gender mix.Could use a littlemore color.Baby steps, right?Where do you want me?- What are you doing here?- What are you talking about?Well, I-I said I'd call you.I didn't say I was hiring you.Richard...I-I left Dana for you.I know. Ha!I'm aware.But...let me try a littleradical candor.Um, cheating on your CEOand then blaming it all on meis not really the kind ofbehavior I like to reward.Nor is pushing meto put my friend in jail.- Okay.- You want candor, Richard?You are objectivelymaking a huge mistake.I'm a world-class COO, okay?And your heavy metal friend?I mean, he's obviously a dick.And you know...You know what else, Richard?You're 20 to 30 poundsunderweight.It's gross.Who was that?He seemed smart!Hey, Richard?I'm at least45 pounds underweight.Okay, and don'tworry about him.We're gonna find youa much better COO.I think we already have.You want the job?Jared, uh...Alright, okay.- I'm okay.- I know, just take it...Everyone can see you.- Oh my God.- Yeah, let's have a seat.- Just think about it.- I'm okay!Yeah, let's...Do you want some water?Just breathe, just breathe.Seppen said that Gavin waspushing them to sue us, right?Uh, yeah, but thatshouldn't be a surprise.But Seppen had no ideathat we broke in.How the fuck did Gavin know?Right!W-W-What? Are yousuggesting that...someone in here is leakinginfo to Gavin Belson?I am.We have a mole on our hands.What the fuck is going onover there?Um, yeah, bad news.Seppen just left, and... and itlooks like they're gonna settle.Hey! Dude.We have a mole!♪♪Sync corrections by srjanapala♪♪♪♪You remember K-HoleJames...- Of course!- K-Hole iseuphoric about speaking to youregarding a deal.That would put us months ahead.Whateveryou are doing, stop it now.This is not a done deal.Any word from our moleat Pied Piper?We found the mole.How did the moleget all this information?By exploitingour most glaring weakness.♪ You were workingAs a waitress ♪♪ In a cocktail bar ♪♪♪