Jian-Yang, are... Are you copyingall those companiesfor the Chinese markets?Oh, no.Are you suggesting thatsomeone in here is leakinginfo to Gavin Belson?Tell me about these... fridges.It's a company secret.Do you want to save a fortune, or not?Well, yes.In exchange, I need youto do something for me,with regard to the peoplewho hacked your refrigerators.I'm going to destroy their lives.Jared, do you thinkit's... time we hire a COO?You're 20-30 pounds underweight.Don't worry about him.We're gonna find you a much better COO.You want the job?All right... Ugh. All right.Okay, everybody, um, thanks for coming.Uh, sorry about the venue.We had a minor security issue.I didn't feel comfortablehosting you guys at... at our offices.But, hey, at least out here,we don't run the riskof running into anyonefrom the tech industry.Yeah, they're all so old.- But they look so happy.- Yeah.It's weird.I don't understand it either.Anyway, I wanted you guys to meet,because despite being a very diverseand talented group ofyoung web developers...Goodscape, huh? Social coding platform.Tholio, analytics firm.Plucky, music streaming.FirstSight, dating site.Gay dating site.Okay, technically, you're a dating site,but specifically, a gay one.Which is a subset, so I'm not wrong.Anyway, uh, despite all our differences,we all have one thing in common, right?A signed agreement with meto build and launch your websites,not on the tired, bloated, old web,but on the new Internet of the future.The Pipernet.Which is why, from this day forward,I'm going to be naming the eight of you...the OctoPipers.Until something better, TBD.So when can we tell people?Soon! Actually, very soon.Uh, next Tuesday, Gavin Belson is, uh...launching his Box Three.So, um, the day before,we are going to announce ourpartnerships with you all,and beat him to the punch.Shit. He's gonna be super pissed.He's really gonna come after us.Yeah, he is, but fuck him.Not butt fuck him.- Just...- You don't have to explainthat kinda stuff. I-I know what you mean.Yeah, I know. Look... look.As long as we stick together,and support each other, we can crush him.Because what we are doing is amazing, okay?We are building theworld's first truly open,truly free de-centralized Internet.And I tell you what, I got asneak preview for you guys, okay?Because as of this morning,- messaging is live.- What!- Cool.- Yeah.Really? So cool!So...right now, I will send to you allthe very first messageever to be sent on a de-centralized,peer-to-peer Internet.Ready?"Hit her."I don't get it. Are you talking about me?I meant to say "Hi there."Well, it definitely says "Hit her."I'll try it again. There's a new one.There. "Hi there.""Hi there, Hitler."Goddammit.Hey, Richard?You don't have any issue with usbeing an exclusively gay site, do you?What? No!No, it's... It's totally cool.Oh! Wait a minute, no, Idon't mean you are anti-gay.I mean the opposite. Like, are you worriedthat we're excluding straight people?Oh. I just remember you said,you want your new Internetto be open for everybody,and, you know, I just want to makesure we're jibing with your vision.Deedee, we are psyched to have you aboard.Exclude all the straight people you want.- You sure?- Yep.Because we're not snobs about it.I mean, between you and me,I'm dreadfully boring.I might as well be straight myself.I've been with the sameman for seven years.I go to church every Sunday.Look, it... it's all good.FirstSight is a gay dating site.And... and I will singit from the rooftops.Alright, well, thank you, Richard.I think this is gonna be great.Cool.Yeah. Okay.- Don't be weird.- I didn't know what we'd be doing.So...everybody is very psyched.You know who else ispsyched? I'll give you a hint.They have four thumbs, andthey are these two guys.- I am very excited.- I am giddy!Okay, what... What happened?We found the mole.- What?- Yeah.Who? How?Good old-fashioned police work.I skimmed through all 40,000of the staff's outgoing emails.- Yeah?- And in addition to learningthat we need to revisethe office dating policy,because it is, essentially,the Olympic Village out there,I learned that someone has been sendinga number of encrypted messagesbut using Gilfoyle's purloined NSA tools...I can't hold this smile forever,Jared. Get to the good stuff.One of our coders has been sending infostraight to Hooli High Command.Wow.How the fuck did the moleget all this information?By exploiting our most glaring weakness.You were working as a waitressIn a cocktail barWhen I met JeffNo, no, no. You guys have it all wrong.Okay? There's no way Jeff is the mole.Okay? It's not Jeff.Right, Jeff?Jeff?What about Dave & Buster's, Jeff?What about that time Igot a bullseye in Skee-Balland yelled out, "Bazinga!"And you said, "Okay."You can't fake enthusiasm like that.Well, I did.You Judas.You cow-handed poltroon!We... We thought you were a Stallion!You're no Stallion.What is it with you guys and stallions?What's with you being a rat fuck?You signed a very aggressiveNon-Disclosure Agreement...which you are in breach of.Which means, we can fire you, obviously,and then have you arrested,and thrown in jail.But Gavin would then know we are on to you,so here's the deal.You're gonna come intothe office every day,and sit down at your fucking workstation,and pretend like nothing's wrong.Fine.Uh, that was mine.Bummer."The irony is, theInternet, which we all use"to search for billions of things,"has itself long beensearching for something.And here it is."Okay, then I turn and gesture."The Box Three.Signature Edition."Then I come back to the podium."I put my name on this,"because I personally stand behind"the new SAS-slashSSD-slash-NVMedrive bays,"the 24-core processors."I stand behind the ECC DDR4SD-RAMLR-DIMMs"and their exceptional reliability.Will you stand with me?"About the spotlight, should it be wider?- I had the same thought.- As did I.- I can speak with the technical team.- Please.Any word from our mole at Pied Piper?I'm confident that if therewere anything to report,we'd have heard about it by now, sir.Alright!I'm off to Jackson Hole for acouple of days to clear my mind,and center myself.I'll be off the grid. Not tobe disturbed for any reason.- Understood?- Absolutely.Is there anything else you'dlike us to take care of? Oh.Oh. The bear is sticky with honey.See ya soon."The bear is sticky with honey."What does he mean by that?I don't know.Hello, Stallions.You continue to be the best of the best.I commend you.And then there's you.The anti-Stallion.Move your hand off your fucking mouse, now.And I was going to take youto see BattleBots live with me,but no longer... "friend."Now who looks stupid?Yeah, so, um...our new developers justagreed to our terms,and are now officially on board.Richard is a master at getting consent.That's great news, guys.Eight new partners.Yeah! Actually, we'recalling them the OctoPipers.Uh, until a better name comes along.Just wanted to give thatone its day in court.Well, we have some moregood news for you, Richard.You remember last year,Laurie and I funded K-Hole Games?Largest independent gamingcompany in the Valley?Uh, yeah, of course!Um, actually, now thatyou... you bring them up,I-I didn't want to be too forward,but I was hoping that one day,we could talk to themabout joining our 'net.Well, what if I told you that day is today?What?In addition to being business associates,the CEO and I take medically prescribedand supervised MDMA together.I'm taking it for severepost-partum depression.I do not know why he is taking it.Regardless, when I saw him yesterday,he was quite euphoric aboutspeaking to you regarding a deal.K-Hole? The creators of the game"Undead Sex Offender"?They're... they're huge.Yeah! Yeah, partnering with acompany of that size this earlywould put us months ahead.This is not a done deal.K-Hole is protective of its brand.They will want to speak to youregarding who else you are dealing with.Okay, right, well, um...why don't I just bring the OctoPipers?New name to come, though it'spretty popular around here.Uh, they can talk to K-Hole.Tell them why they joined.Allowing you to speak less?Good strategy. Alright.K-Hole will be expectingyou this afternoon.Knock 'em dead, Richard.Whatever you are doing, stop it now.Um, yeah. We're just... high-fiving.Bye.K-Hole. I can't believe it!I'm bursting. I'm bursting!Um, here, I printed driving directions.Oh, it's okay, I got my phone.Well, I have marked availablebathrooms along the route.Okay, here we go.Richard, you never return my calls.You mean the hundredsof voicemails you've leftwhere you just called me aterrible CEO with no dick?Yes! You're talking to other companies.That is not public information.I'm a part owner in Pied Piper.You need to make a deal with my companies.You mean your incubator'sspurious knock-offsof legitimate American businesses?"New Expedia," "NewSnapchat," "New Zillow"?But they're for Chinese market.It's a very sophisticated strategy.Okay, look, taking existing companiesand just calling them "new"isn't sophisticated. That's theft.You make a new Internet.That is different.I... Look, we're not gonna make any dealswith any of your companies, okay?Don't pick up.Richard, hello.It's Jian-Yang.You are a shitty CEO.As long as I own 10% of Pied Piper,I will make chaos.Okay.I thought you hated that car.Aviato car smells like a dead pig.You're aware that Russ Hannemanurinated in that car, no?This car?Mm-hmm.Uh...- are you just gonna leave it here?- Yes.Well...looks like I have a reason to findPied Piper's official towing company.I'm gonna get some bids.Yeah, while you're at it,see if you can find someoneto bash that guy's face in.Uh, I-I can do some research.Maybe turn your phoneoff during the meeting.You're a shitty CEO!Thanks again,Colin, for having us.Uh, the fact that a company like yourswith such a pristine reputationit sitting down with usis, honestly, incredibly flattering.It's cool.Ooh, wow.- That'll be a closed casket.- Yeah.Alright, well, we thought the best wayto introduce the Pipernetwould be through the eight developersthat have already signed on.Who we are calling the OctoPipers.That's dumb.Um, anyway, let'sintroduce you to the group.Um, we've got a great analytics toolby a former Google guru.- Wish I'd have thought of that one.- Cool.Uh, music streaming withan AI taste predictorthat is off the charts.Good space.Yes, and this handsome devil over here,is creating a verypromising gay dating site.That's cool.Yeah, but don't worry,he's not snobby about it.He's actually pretty boring.I don't mean that as aninsult. Those are his words.Long-term relationship.Doesn't smoke, doesn't drink.And him and his man goto church every Sunday.So...loves Bible studies, right?Just a straight-up boring, ordinary guy,but obviously not straight.Very gay, and also a Christian, right?Okay, so, that went well.It started out a little weird,but things really picked up...Why did you do that?- Why did you say that?- Say what?Richard, you just told aroom full of tech peoplethat I'm a Christian.Oh.Okay, but... But you are, aren't you?Yes, but I told you that in confidence.I said "between you and me."I'm not openly Christian.Thanks a lot, man.You just outed me.Oh, I'm sorry, Deedee. I didn't...Okay, um, should we hug?I can not make it weird this time.I'm... I'm sorry, Richard.You know that my default positionis blind support of whatever you do, but...this was not your best moment.Guys, it can't be thatbig of a deal, right?Why should it be?America loves Christians.Muslims are the enemy.Well, that's true in most of America,but not in Silicon Valley, sadly."Sadly"? You can be openly polyamorous.And people here will call you brave.You can put micro-dosesof LSD in your cereal,and... and people will call you a pioneer.But the one thing youcannot be is a Christian.I find their theology to be illegitimate,and it's clear that they are the sourceof the majority of the world's problems.But, fuck, Richard, even I wouldn't just...out a Christian like that.Yeah, it was kinda fucked up.Cool man, thanks.Hey, I thoughthe wasn't supposed to chime in.Yeah, he's not, but...based on its merits, I'll allow that one.Guys, come on.It can't be that bad.Richard!What the fuck did you do over there?So I just got off the phonewith Colin over at K-Hole,and while he loves your tech,he's considering blowing up the deal.What?Just because one of my CEOs is Christian?It freaks people out in the Valley!Okay, so what do you want me to do, Monica?You want me to drop Deedeejust because he's Christian?The company's not Christian. It's gay...which is fine, right?Yeah! No, that... That plays great.Look, cutting all tiesto Deedee and FirstSightwill definitely send astrong message to Colin.And it might be the only way.Like killing somebody toprove you're not a narc,or showing a john your genitalsto prove you're alegitimate male prostituteand not an undercover cop.- What?- Because cops aren't allowed to do that.And worst case scenario,the john walks off with a free peek.Oh, that's the towing company. Excuse me.Forget it.Monica, I'm not doing it.I mean, I'm not dropping him.Alright. Fine.Fine. I-I will call Colin,and try and smooth things over for you,but you need to handle Deedee.Okay, apologize for outing him, of course,but you need to make surehe keeps quiet about this.Alright, 'cause it's notjust about losing K-Hole,it's way worse than that.Let's put it this way.Would you want to go from being a rock bandto being... a Christian rock band?Oh, shit."The bear is sticky with honey."Those were his exact words.But what does that mean?Well, Gavin speaks in parables.I think what Gavin is saying is..."consider the bear."And all this pizazz is like the honey.And it's become too sticky.There's too much of it. It's all over him.Incorrect. No, see, thewhole launch is the bear,and the honey is the pizazz.The bear needs more pizazz.The bear is ravenous for pizazz.You don't speak for Gavin.I don't need to. This is the word of Gavin.Alright, forget it.- You do it your way, I'll do it mine.- Okay, fine.Gonna show you. Makeit clear for all of you.Okay, follow me.Well, congratulations on becomingPied Piper's official towing company.Uh-huh, yeah, great.So should I bill this to you,or is Mr. Bighetti gonna take care of it?"Bighetti"? It's registered under his name.I'm sorry. Can I...?Anyway, it was a mistake.I'm sorry I outed you.I just wish we could go back to normal.You know, just like, how things were.A CEO and a gay CEO.I don't even know whatnormal is anymore, Richard.It's been such a crazy 24 hours, you know?Gossip travels so fast in the Valley.I'll be lucky if my parentsever talk to me again.Your parents aren't Christian?I'm from Palo Alto.You know, my dad says mylifestyle makes him sick.He just wants his gay son back.And he's okay with the gay part?- He's gay.- Oh.But the crazy part is,when I finally got home and I got in bed,I had the soundest sleep I've had in years.- Exhaustion.- No! Relief, Richard.I'm out, okay?My nightmare's over.I don't ever have to goback in the closet again,and I've got you to thank for it.Check it out._Oh, oh, oh.You like it?It's good. I guess... maybeit's just a little busy?Like, um, there's one word too many.One word? Well, I like the gay part.If anything, it could be more gay.You should gay it up,and then, I like the "proud" part.It's just the...Christian part.Look, Richard, this is great,because now I can be gay and a Christian.Or just be gay!You know, you could be a... a twink.A bear, an otter.A circuit queen, a chub, a pup.A gipster, a daddy chaser,a leatherman, a lady boy.You could be a Donald Duck,which is a gay guy whogot kicked out of the Navy.Yeah, I... I know what it is.How do you know so many gay things?I worked with a guy.Just...don't be a Christian.Wow.After all you put me through,it turns out, you're biased too.No! No, no, no! I'm not!I swear to you I'm not. I'm chill AF.It's just everybody else.Look, if you go Christian,I lose K-Hole games.I cannot let that happen. I know it sucks.It's shitty, but it's the truth.I'm gonna make thingseasy for you, Richard.I'm out.- Of the closet?- No!The new Internet!The Internet you said wasgonna be... What was it?"The first truly free and open Internet."Open for everyone.Whatever happened to that, huh?Nice place.Oh, thanks, yeah.Oh, wow! That's a nice touch.Yeah, thanks!The Monterey Bay Aquariumwas testing their sonar,and found this thing, like,two miles under the ocean.And I figure, Erlichand I already bought it,so I might as well hold onto it.Plus, it weighs like 8,000 pounds,so I couldn't move it if I wanted to.Well, and it also kindaworks as your mascot.Right? 'Cause of your name?Oh, yeah, 'cause "Nelson."Oh, I meant because it's a big head.I guess that works, too.So, what's up, man?Um, well, I wanted to ask you...Oh! Big Head!Now I get it.Sorry. Is... is it possiblethat the general partnershipthat you formed with Erlichis still in effect?Oh. No way.You definitely dissolved it?Yeah, my dad insisted.I remember he filled outthis whole form for me,and made me sign it,mail it in and everything.Yeah, 'cause I... I rememberI had the paperwork in one hand,and the menu for Mr. Chow's in the other.And then...Oh, no way!Still have the paperwork.Guess I must have sent the menu.Big Head, this is great news.Gavin?I think you're reallygoing to love the changesthat my team has made to the presentation.I think you might like ours even better.Sorry, what changes?We are presenting two paths,and you alone will decidewhich one we walk, Gavin.What the fuck are you talking about?I thought the presentationwas fine as it is.- Wait. What?- You did?Goddammit!Why is this still here?I said it was too sticky.Don't you listen to anything I say?- The bear...- Sticky with honey.So what did you change?Uh, the spotlight.Yes! We're making itwider just like you asked.Good.You know what? Let's showyou to your dressing room.Yeah. And whenever you'reready, you let us know,we'll show you that spotlight, huh?- You're gonna love it.- We did it!We had to fly him in fromTucson, but we got the bear.Gavin hates the bear. You failed!Put everything back the way it was.And widen the spotlight!Guess what, asshole.Leon told me he wanted your ticket,'cause he wants to gosee BattleBots with me.But then he remembered heactually had plans that nightwith a bunch of people,doesn't know what they're doing,their plans are sort of fluid,plus, it's like friends from his old work,so it'd be weird if I hung out with them.Anyway...looks like you and I aregoing to see BattleBots.You're going to hang out with me,and have fun, whether you like it or not.And what goes best with BattleBots?That's right. Chicken wings.That's why you get a sweet $50gift card to Dave & Buster's.Serves you right for fucking us over.Wash your fucking hair.And you know what happenswhen I get drunk, Jeff?I get so sincere.It's really awkward.Fuck you, Jeff.Oh, um, can you drive?Well, I spoke to La Flamme,and it's official.Big Head is still legallyErlich's next of kin.So Jian-Yang's whole gambit was for naught.Wow, really?Big Head owns Erlich'shouse, and 10% of Pied Piper.I called the sheriff andstarted eviction proceedings.We're gonna get everything back.Oh, also, the, uh, OctoPipersare arriving for the meeting.It's a good thing thatFirstSight dropped out, right?'Cause we're back down to eight developers,so you can keep that name.Actually, uh, no, we can't.Wait, what?- I'm glad this worked out.- Yeah.Thanks for dropping FirstSight.Jesus, my board wouldhave nailed me to a cross.Well, I think we're just aboutready to get going here, uh...Oh. Hey!Oh, good, there he is.What's he doing here?He is here because I asked him to be.I want him to be one of our developers.What? No! Fuck that guy!Hey, man, how's it goin'?- Richard.- Deedee.- Can I talk to you?- Yeah!No, no, no. Actually, look!Look, guys, I...I asked you to be a part of thisbecause I thought you werewilling to take a chanceon my idea.An entirely new Internet.An Internet that is everythingthe old Internet issupposed to be, but isn't.Truly free and truly open.Well, I'm sorry, gang.Truly open means "open to everyone."No matter how repugnant their views are.How ignorant or stupid,or, to be honest, totally fucking wrong.And, look, who are we to judge, right?There's some people out there that believethat we're living in a computer simulation.Well, that is supported by the evidence.What?Uh, it's basic probability theory.Right, uh, Richard, can Italk to you for just a sec?Yes, of course.Uh, that's bullshit actually.It's been disproven.But why does that even matter?In a few years, we'llall be working for robots.No, that's stupid.The robots will be working for us.Robots? Who gives a fuck about robots?It's the artificial super intelligencewe should be worried about.Exactly, and that's why we have to stop it.Stop it? No, that's theus I'm talking about.We have to bring it into existence.Otherwise, it'll find out who didn'tbelieve in it, and punish them.- Right.- Guys, I was wrong.Um, Deedee is...not in. He's actually very much out.So...do-over on the whole speech.Fuck that guy!Christians suck!And, uh, here's a good side effect though.Uh, we all get to keep the name OctoPipers.You know what? Why don'twe just take a quick five?And then, we'll BRB,and then, go teams.So just... let's have a...What just happened?Deedee's out?Yeah, well, he saidthat right after he bailed on us,he went out and made adeal with our competitor.- But we don't have any competitors.- Richard?Fuckin' Jian-Yang.I'm gonna tear him a new asshole.It wasn't enough to do NewSnapchat or New Expedia,he had to do New Pied Piper too?Where did he get our code?He was always stealingsnacks from the office.He could've lifted it from anywhere.I guess that's what happenedto my lavender cheese.Jian-Yang! Open up!What the fuck?Why does every home I'veever loved get stripped?Is that Erlich in the bucket?Uh..."Richard..."Hello, I went to Chinato do new new Internet."Thank you. Enjoy your house."I love you.Jian-Yang."