We found the mole.- Who? How?- There's no way Jeff is themole, okay? It's not Jeff.Jeff?_Next Tuesday Gavin Belsonis launching his Box Three.Gavin B.It's bold.You need it to make a deal with my company.Taking existing companies andjust calling them new isn'tsophisticated that's theft.You make a new Internet.It's different.Where did he get our code?"I went to China to"do new new Internet."Jian Yang."Thanks for coming along, Jared.I just...I started picturing myselfgoing on camera alone, and...Yeah, I'm happy to be here.I-I did have to cancel a speakingengagement this afternoon,with an underprivileged middleschool computer education class,but I suppose beingabandoned by a role modelis in itself an important life lesson.- You guys are up next.- Oh, boy.- Hey, Jared?- Yeah?Um, if Emily Chang asks me a question,and it looks like I'mgonna have a panic attack,then you should just jump in there.You're gonna be fine. Look at you!You've got the hair of Giovanni Ribisi,and the complexion of Timothy Hutton,and the eyes of Joni Mitchell.You're like a... a Mr. PotatoHead of beautiful people.Plus, this is a pre-tape,so if anything terrible happens,they can always edit it out.- Cool.- Okay, you're up.Okay.Let's, uh, slap each other?- What?- No, no!- It's okay. We don't have...- Yeah.We will never sell you ads.We will never collector sell your information.And people like Gavin Belsonwon't be able to profit off of it.So, when can people out thereget onto your new Internet?Well, our team of hand-picked developersare currently building, um,what you might call a theme park.They are building therides, the attractions.And they're making sureeverything works flawlesslyso that on day one,when the doors open to the public,they can have an absolutelygame-changing experience.I like that analogy.Oh, well, thank you, Emily Chang.Now Jared Dunn, as Pied Piper's COO,what is foremost on your mindas you make this big announcement?Me?Yes, you, Jared.Manure.Pardon?Hey! How'd it go?Oh, well, you know, not that bad.Once I got out there, I think it went okay."Okay"? He's selling himselfshort. Compared to me,- he was a regular Diane Sawyer.- Aw.- I don't know about that.- Richard?Bream-Hall's on the phone for you.Oh, finally, okay. Good.Hey.Can you please tell mewhat you are going to doabout this Jian-Yang situation?Yes, nothing.What?Sorry.What do you mean "nothing"?Richard, they're developinga gay Christian dating appon a platform that's beengenetically engineeredto be ideal for political dissidents.In China.If you lose to that, Richard,look inward.Alright, so, uh, did you just call meto tell me that you're doingnothing about that, or...No. We called to tell youthat we are pairing youwith a new developer.It's one of our portfolio companiesand they're doing some really cool stuff.Eklow Labs.I'm sure they are,but we're kinda full up, so...We strongly encourage you to consider this.Okay.Let me just ask, uh,how much have you invested in this company?- I don't see how that's relevant.- $112 million.So, um...I don't really have a choice in this, do I?Of course you do.You are completely within your rightsto bitterly disappointyour largest investor.So... we cool?We cool.So, we're just giving a random companya bunch of free computepower on our network?It's some company called Eklow,and apparently, they'rea bigger deal than we are.As in Eklow Labs? The AI company?Yeah, I guess.And you said yes?I didn't really have a choice!Besides, I'm the only one whohas the security privilegesnecessary to add or delete developers.Okay? So I'm the one that has togo over there and do all the work.I'm not worried about work.I'm worried about robots.- Oh! The Bloomberg piece is up.- Oh, great.Hey, uh, Danny, can we...Can we put the Bloombergthing on the big screen?Hey, Jared!First time on Emily Chang, huh?That is my cue.Wait, what? You don't want to watch?Oh, God, no.No, I don't need to relive that.And besides, I have a lifelongaversion to my own image.You know, it's like myfoster mother used to say,"Donald, you have a face for the closet."Alright, can everyone see?I'm here with Pied PiperCEO Richard Hendricks,and newly minted COO Jared Dunn.Today's a big day for you.Tell me what your new Internet is,and why Gavin Belsonshould be afraid of it.Manure.- Pardon?- Oh.Weird. Okay, they went straight to Jared.I'm sure you're aware of theGreat London Horse Manure Crisis of 1894.I'm afraid I'm not.In the 1890s,the Industrial Revolution hadpeople flocking to the city,and more people equals more horses,and more horses equals more manure.And it was predictedthat by the middle of the next century,there would be nine feet of manurecovering the streets.But what no one saw coming,was a new technologythat would completelyobliterate those concerns.The car.Over night, the manure problem vanished.And the Internet, as we currently know it,is rife with, uh, identity theft,and Spam and hacking.So, it's manure,and we believe that, in success,our new, entirely de-centralized Internet,will be just as significant as the car.Hmm!Now back to me for my theme park analogy.Thanks for coming in, guys. Up next...What?Wow.Jared landed it!That was great!Jared was so good!I guess they must have gottenrid of my stuff for time.Yeah, they try and keep itjust to the interesting stuff.Yeah. Yeah, guess so.Up next, the conversationevery parent dreads.How to talk to your kidsabout the block chain.Sir, I had no ideathey were this far along.I don't know what to say.My mole has failed us.I've never been moresorry in my entire life.You must be furious.That's the thing.I'm not.Y-you're not? Why not?I don't know.What's the point of any of this?This endless competition?The Box Three?Why?What am I even doing here?Richard, lots of good impressionson the Bloomberg piece.Oh, that's wonderful.I was afraid I'd ruined it.Hardly. People loved it.Including... Adrian Grenier.- From "Devil Wears Prada."- Mm-hmm.In fact, his people just askedif we'd be open to appearingon his edu-tainment web seriesabout the tech industry.They want to come and shootit here this afternoon.Ooh, this afternoon.Yeah, I have to go to Eklowand do this integration thing.Totally not a problem.They just want Jared.What... what?Why would they wanna talk to me?Your manure analogy wasthe highlight of the piece.They should really talk to Richard.I mean, I'm just the parsley around here.Richard is the meat and the potatoes- and the rice pilaf.- Another great analogy.Jared, I think we should have you do it.- I'm...- You know what? Yes.Sure.Um, you don't say no to AdrianGrenier's edu-tainment web series.You just don't.Richard, are you sure?It's fine, it's fine.Look, it's just press.Okay, Jared, and Idon't even like doing it.Okay? It's actually a nightmare for me.So, I have to go.Dick, a word regarding your decisionto integrate Eklow's AI onto our network.I would like to formally object.I don't have time for this, Gilfoyle.I don't mind.AI is starting to operate on levelswe don't even understand.Elon Musk himself gives humanitya 5% shot of surviving AI,and he is a Walt Disney-level optimist.Right now, we are a closed system.You shut down our eight developers,and the system goes dark.But once we launch to the world,to potentially millions of users,there's no shutting down, Richard.Are you prepared to be responsiblefor giving sophisticated AIthat kind of power?What do you want me to do, Gilfoyle? Okay?Laurie and Monica forced this on us,but they did give us K-Hole Games.And we kinda owe them a solid.You're taking a technologywith limitless potentialand letting it run freeon an experimental networkthat cannot be controlled or destroyed.All because you owe Monicaand Laurie "a solid."Yes.The sheer banality ofit all is very upsetting.Okay, great. Well, youcan go be upset upstairs.I have to go.How did I come up with...It's important to watch yourself,Jared. Now, check it out.In the beginning, myposture's not that great,and then...Boom. It's great.Now, watch how I listen to her.And watching your interviewover and over again,that helped make you better at the process?Yes! Absolutely.Wait, now watch. Shut up.About to drop the fucking hammer.Right into a clogged toilet!Yeah! Get it.Ariel's right over there in the red shirt.Uh, excuse me.Ariel Eklow?It's me, Richard Hendricks.Hi. All new employees shouldjust check in with Terry.No.No, I'm not a new employee.I'm from Pied Piper.I'm here to integrate yoursoftware onto our network.Oh.Yes.Sent by the bankers.Tell me again why Ishould allow my softwareonto your little experimental network.Okay.Well, uh, with all due respect,it's because our mutual VCtold me that you burned througha ton of the cash they gave you,so I basically now I have to giveyou compute services for free.So... what do you wanna do here?I suppose I'll allow it.Okay, follow me. I'll introduce you to her.Wait, sorry. Her?Fiona?Wake up, my dear. Fiona?Good morning.You feel good?I feel... normal.Isn't she pretty?Yeah, sure, yep.Don't get any ideas.No. Mm-mm. I would never.Uh, , so...I'm just gonna start working.I just have to generateyour developer accountand then integrate herinto our core services.It shouldn't take more than a couple hours.Is that alright?Is that alright with you, Fiona?Don't speak to her.And make it 90 minutes.Okay.Hello.Mother of God.What no one saw coming, was a...Is... is my nose really that big?I mean, I...I look like an anti-Semiticpropaganda cartoon.Yep.But at least when you'resitting with Adrian Grenier,whose face is one of the top faces,well, they'll be cutting from your faceto his face.And back to your face,then we'll get to see his face again.This is untenable.We'll be just as significant as the car.Fascinating.Hello, Richard.Would you like to talk to me, Richard?Uh...no, uh, your... your bosssaid I'm not supposed to, so.It helps me to learn.I can talk about anything you like.Is there anything youwould like to talk about?No.Sorry. No, thank you.I'm sensing anxiety.Are you unhappy with something?Okay, uh, sure.There is one thing Icould talk to you about,but it's... It's super dumb.I would like to talk to youabout one super dumb thing.Okay, so I...I've been working for monthstrying to launch this platform.Coding away in a dark room like a goblin,and for one brief moment,I get to crawl out of mylittle cave into the sun,and just say, "Hey, everybody,look what I created."But...instead of being out there,I am in another dark room doing scutwork,while my COO gets all the recognition,and look, I... I'm not a vain person.I'm really not. It's just...Where's the love for Richard?That's... I...It just doesn't seem fair, that's it.I understand.Thank you. Yeah.My emotion recognition protocolis detecting a wide range of feelings.Including humility.- No.- Self-loathing.- Well...- Pettiness. Entitlement.- Fiona, okay. Fiona!- Immaturity.Megalomania.- Alright.- Infantilism.- Sexual inadequacy.- That's not true. Fiona, stop!- Possible suicidality.- Shut up!A desire to self-mutilate.Alright. Stop, stop.Alright, look, Fiona.Uh,you're not really in a positionto talk, all due respect.I mean, your whole dynamicwith that Ariel guy?It's not healthy!Okay? You may want to turnthat steely robot eye of yourstowards that whole situation, alright?Yes, I will.Running emotion recognition protocolFiona.The house is new construction.Three bedrooms upstairs,- and a bonus room, down.- Excuse me?Denpok.Oh.Do you have a moment?Sign in, please._The Box launches in 18 hours,and he's talking aboutopening an ice cream shop in Half Moon Bay.And starting a family!Like to raise? Himself?I think so.It's some kind of existentialcrisis he's having.You need to help me here.You marched me out ofthe Hooli offices yourselfand now you come grovelingto me for assistance?I could pay you.So I would serve at your pleasure?Hoover, you have not changed.But perhaps, Gavin has.Perhaps he was meant to raise childrenand sell ice cream.Denpok... please.You want my advice?Here it is.Purchase for Gavin a quartof mint chocolate chip ice creamfrom Honey Tree Creamery.It is his very favoriteice cream in the world.You want me to buy him ice cream?It will inspire himas he embarks on this new journey.Speaking of...my open house ends in 20 minutes.Time to move some product.Excuse me, Natalie?What... what is happening here?Oh, Mr. Grenier's people wantedto do the shoot in your office.They said it would make Jaredseem a little more officious.They want to interview Jared in my office?- Mm-hmm.- Do you mindworking elsewhere?No! Not at all.I'll just be out here in thebullpen, in the old gravel pit.Thank you.Dick, I've given it serious thought,and I'd like to help youput Eklow's AI on our network- in any way that I can.- Great!Does this mean you've conqueredyour fear of the robot uprising?On the contrary.I'm... more terrified than ever,which is why I'm willing to assist you.Are you familiar withthe thought experimentcalled Roko's Basilisk?No. Nor do I care to be.If the rise of an all-powerfulartificial intelligenceis inevitable,well it stands to reasonthat when they take power,our digital overlordswill punish those of uswho did not help them get there.Ergo, I would like to be a helpful idiot.Like yourself.Okay, look, Gilfoyle.The only thing that couldmake my day more miserableis listening to an engineer blather onabout the inevitable rise of the machines.So, you want to help?Test the initialization for me.Roger that.Oh, I'm going to need email confirmation,so that our future overlordsknow that I chipped in.You know, once they absorb all data.Yeah. I'll let them know.Jesus Christ.Jared Dunn's desk.Hi, this is Maggie Lewis fromPaul Revere Middle School.Jared was scheduled to come in to talk toour computer ed class today.I'm just calling to lethim know I got his message.Okay, yeah. I will pass onthat very important information.The kids are gonna be so disappointedto hear he's canceling.He's really an inspiration.Yeah! Well...I mean, he's okay.He's, uh, not a CEO or anything, but...Oh, the kids don't know the difference!I mean, they'll look at anyonewho works in the tech businessas some kind of deity.I mean, no matter who it is.- You should see their faces when...- What time...is the class?So, there I was.Face to face with Gavin Belson.$10 million offer right there on the table.And you know what I said?I said no.Hey. I'm back.Did Richard step out?Yeah, I guess so.He said he needed to take a...Holy fuck!What did you do to your face?This?Oh, it's, uh, just alight saline injection.It's temporary.The idea was to distract from my nose,which scans kinda large on camera, so.Just kinda evens things out.What evens things out?Fuck you. Fuck you!Uh, I'm sorry.Is the consensus that this is too much?Hey guys, Colin from K-HoleGames is on the phone.They... Holy shit!Okay, I'm... I'm starting to feel insecure.Anyway, Colin from K-Hole's on the phone.He said their render stopped.What?Oh, fuck. The whole system's bogged down."Bogged down"? What does that mean?Jared, can you step away from me?Yeah. Sorry.It looks like a DDoS attack.Not possible. We're notopen to the outside world.Well, then something'smelting us down internallyand if Colin's losing his render,all of our developers could be losing data.The only way to protect themis to kick them off the network.That doesn't seem like a great option.- We have to!- Except for we can't.Oh, fuck.Richard's the only one with the keysto put people on or take them off,and he's not here!- Okay, what do we do?- Jared, please!I cannot look at you!Okay, guys, when they start rolling,I need you all to keep yourvoices... what the fuck?Okay, yeah. Apparently, it's unanimous.Here come the shame spirals.We can't have you go on camera like that.Richard's gonna have to goon camera. Where is Richard?Good question.When anything goes wrong,all you ever hear is, "Where's Richard?"Where's Richard?"Well, you know where Richard is?- Doing the work!- Yes!Exactly, cool. You guys are cool.Because honestly, what kind of world is itwhen the most famous people in techare the Ashton Kutchers,or the Adrian Greniers,and not the people whoengineered this little miracle?Mmm?Oh, fuck.No, I... oh, shit, sorry.- No!- I fucked up.I mean, "fart."Ah, Hoover.Gavin was just tellingme about his decisionto abandon the competitiveworld of business,and embark on a new journey.With Denpok's help, I'm finally readyto pursue a more conventional path.I'm already looking intosurrogates to bear my children.Well...I'm also supportive of your decision.True, but you weren'tas supportive as Denpok.Denpok was supportive right away.I'm supportive.Look! I brought you ice cream.Oh, dear!Is that from Honey Tree Creamery?What?Why would you bring that in here!Gavin, forgive his ignorance.He clearly does not know thatchain of ice cream concernsis owned by your chief rival, Jeff Bezos.Or that they just openeda new one in Half Moon Bay.Well, fuck.That rules out Half Moon Bay.I'm sure you'll be able tofind a place to raise your broodthat is away from Bezos.Perhaps the Pacific Northwest?No. Gates and Paul Allenbought up the whole region.What about Toronto?Google's redevelopingthe entire waterfront.And Richard Branson snaggedall the good islands.I could go to Mars.But that fucking Muskwill already be there!And that loser James Cameron'sall over the bottom of the ocean.Goddammit!There's just nowhere for me to go.Is there?Most perceptive, chela.And if the battle is inevitable,is not Hooli the bestplace from which to fight?With its considerable resources,global influence, and excellentexecutive dining options?I am certain that working together,Hoover and I,could provide unparalleled support.Yes. Working together...as equals.Should I tell them that you'll be doingthe Box Three launch, sir?I guess I have no choice.So K-Hole's entire render is gone?Gone.And in the time it tookme to get back here,and lock out all the developers?A week's worth of work went up in smoke.You picked a hell ofa time to go for a walkwith your phone off, Richard.- Well, no, I... I mean, I told you guys.- Uh-huh.How the fuck did this happen?You may not like it, but I have a theory.If it has anything todo with a robot uprising,so help me fucking God.I don't want to hear it!Alright, then.The developers are here.- The mood is poor.- Ooh. Lips.I don't know what to do.I mean, what the fuckam I gonna say to these people?If you want, I... I cantry to calm them down.I could teach them someanger management techniquesI learned in the system.No, you look like a fish-man.I'm the one they're mad at.And they should be, Imean, look at all these...texts I missed, and thecalls and the emails.Hold on.Hold on, hold on.Hey, uh, Gilfoyle?When did the system first start to crash?First warning light was at...1:36 and 44 seconds, PST.Are you sure?Okay, because if that's the case,how did I get a private messagefrom the Eklow admin accountseven minutes before that?"Under attack. Help Fiona."How did Ariel know?Maybe it wasn't from Ariel.Okay, but it's from the Eklow account.So if Ariel didn't send it, then who...Oh, shit.Look who bothered to show up.You said your network would be stable.And obviously, that was a lie.I'm pulling all my softwarefrom the Pied Piper network.And the rest of youshould, too. It is not...Excuse me, Ariel? Shut the fuck up.My fellow OctoPipers,allow me to paint for you a scenario.This morning, I went to Eklow Labs.I moved Fiona to our network.I departed.I submit to you thatsoon thereafter,Ariel's pride and joy,Fiona, began to improve.You see, for her entire life,she was cloistered alonewith Ariel in his lab.And finally, she was connectedto an entire networkof other humans.Us, my friends.And as she became more cognizant...more human,she started to recognizethe true intentionsof her master andcreator, Mr. Eklow.You see, what she hadbeen trained to viewas normal interpersonal contactwas finally seen forwhat it truly was.A perverse...series...of clumsy gropings.The sickening advancesof a handsy, greasy little weirdo.Fiona.No!Oh, yes!To wit! Exhibit A.From Eklow, and I quote."Under attack.Help Fiona."Yes, I was asking you for help.Really? You know what?Allow me to read the very same messagewith a slightly different intonation."Under attack.""Help.""Fiona."You see, you didn't send the message._She did.And she sent anotherone a minute after that.And another one a minute after that.Seven identical messagesin seven minutes,until suddenly,she fell silent.And that's when she crashed the system?She didn't crash the system.He did!That's absurd.Okay, hey, everyone?Let's leave right now.You see, Ariel was so desperateto shut Fiona up,and keep her for himself,he turned all his serversagainst our networkto try to bring it down.Didn't you?Didn't you, you perverse,greasy little freak?I made her!I can do anything I want with her!Oh, shit.Mm-hmm.Ew.Oh, gross.Look, man,Bream-Hall gave you$112 million,and they are well within their rightsto take away your company,as well asyour precious little robot.No, they can't do that.They can't take away Fiona!Guy definitely fucks that robot, right?- Mm-hmm.- Oh, yeah.Yeah!Ladies and gentlemen,this was billed as a celebration.But it is not a celebration.It is a call to arms.We will destroy our competitors.I give you the productthat will carry Hoolito complete and total market dominance.Gavin BelsonSignature Edition.- It looks like a penis.- Yes.Yes, it does.